New technologies have been introduced to society .
One possible outcome is that environmentally induced reductions in motorization levels in richer countries will outweigh any rise in motorization levels in poorer countries .
Every person needs to know a little about math , science , the arts , literature , and history to stand out in society .
While the travel company will most likely show them some interesting sites to encourage customers to advertise for them to their family and friends , it ’ s highly unlikely the company will mention the sites not included in the tour—for example , because entrance fees would make the total package price too expensive .
Parking their car is a big disadvantage .
Larger farms use more chemical products and substances to feed fish .
For example , my cousin is 12 years old .
If it does , you ’ ll only get a misunderstood idea about that article—not the original one .
Secondly , chimps can also demonstrate a capacity for grammar , meaning they can combine words and use grammatical constructions .
Nevertheless , this city is undergoing a major change .
I think memorizing facts only proves that students can work hard and retain detailed information as taught , but it ’ s definitely not proof of their intelligence .
Unfortunately , most older people ca n't use the internet , despite its benefits .
So , if I have a lot of information about this subject , I ’ ll talk too much with knowledge , but if I only have general information , I ’ ll speak about it with my limited knowledge—and that might make me feel ashamed , like when my brother asked me about something but I didn ’ t have much information about it .
Because if I see someone do something that saves me time and energy and it works , I 'll do it .
The government should consider the entire natural environment .
They wo n't be able to compete with other similar brands , and the product will fizzle out or fail .
People are now waking up to the possibility that we could run out of fuel .
It was great for me because I needed to talk on the phone locally and nationally for long periods of time .
They only care whether the effects are good and popular with the crowd .
That ’ s why calculated risks—what one might call them—are the precursors to great success , as they capture attention by offering new possibilities .
He said , in other words , that too much fluoride may cause damage to the human body , specifically the bones .
When these people come up with their new ideas , others often find them very strange .
You 'll learn how to socialize with people .
No other transportation concept has been as successful as the car , not only because of the good street and highway system throughout the United States and Europe , but also because people love their cars .
If they prefer to choose cars over motorbikes , that means there will be many cars .
That 's why he 's a legend these days and people respect him .
For example , in math club , teachers usually teach us how to solve a math problem using various ways .
On the other hand , when I was a freshman in college , I could concentrate on my favorite subjects .
I have an IBM computer , and my laptop is a Dell .
The air in China is n't very clean because of cars .
When the price of gas goes up , consumers don ’ t want to buy fuel .
Although learning more subjects gives us a great deal of knowledge , which helps me succeed in my studies .
When you 're planning a guided tour , you already have everything settled from the time you depart to the time you arrive .
On the other hand , although public transportation in Turkey is developing—especially in the two largest cities , Ankara and Istanbul—it still doesn ’ t compare to Sweden ’ s .
This contradicts the reading passage 's claim that there has been no improvement .
Since they are busy with their studies , they don ’ t have enough time to participate in their community .
However , I strongly maintained that traveling on your own has many advantages .
They even ask themselves how this kind of thing didn ’ t cross their minds .
People tend to choose other media , and that is why literature is in danger .
I doubt that twenty years is too short a time to prove the problem .
For these reasons , I really believe it 's important to have broad knowledge of different subjects instead of focusing on just one , because sometimes the answer we 're searching for can be easily found in a field that may seem unrelated to our purpose .
I 'm pleased to know intelligent people and learn about things I do n't know .
To resolve this problem , the governments of these cities are likely to improve their public transportation systems by building new subway lines and adding more bus routes .
I know lots of older people who go to parties and always stay in touch with others .
But these things seem too hard for older people ; they move so slowly and don ’ t have the healthy bodies to play sports like this .
For example , if you understand the idea that all diseases caused by microorganisms are treated with antibiotics , you will never use antidepressants .
I like that part , but after that it gradually gets boring , and eventually I lost interest in all of it .
We ca n't buy a car with her salary because we 're planning to finish our house in Binangonan , Rizal , and I 'm planning to finish my studies in Boston .
The growth of information technology and advanced technology has increased significantly .
Even more relevant to the allure of advertising is the fact that the images of perfection placed before us are often just mirages and illusions—bodies retouched by computer programs that bear no resemblance to reality .
The professor used details and examples to strengthen the position of the reading passage , and in the following paragraphs , I would like to provide evidence to present the full argument .
In the advertisements he shows in the media , newspapers , magazines , and public spaces , he clearly states that the product is made with high-quality technology .
We have a lot of papers to write .
A person with broad knowledge will help them renovate .
The development of biomechanics has made this possible .
This inadequate amount of fuel forces us to use fewer cars .
One of these important elements is the internet .
You can only be successful by learning new things and trying them out , with an open and creative mind .
First , striped bass consume large quantities of menhaden . Second , this fish is also a source of protein for farm animals , and the fishing industry provides jobs for some people in Virginia .
They drove settlements into other domains .
The timeline for this danger , which I have already outlined in the discussion above , is so predictable that one can even calculate it if they have both the population and the existing fuel count .
I think people should make their own travel decisions for several reasons .
Indeed , they threaten many freshwater fish species because they need to eat and find different kinds of food in the oceans .
For example , if the city says that 8 a.m. to 9 a.m. is the busiest time , then workers would argue that they drive a little later .
Educators should give students opportunities to learn enough to survive in the real world .
For example , when I 'm studying for tests or doing my homework , my grandparents can go out and do what they enjoy .
Traditional encyclopedias are written by trained experts for academic rigor , which they can not truly achieve .
By the time everyone has gathered in a certain place .
In twenty years , every major city could end up as a pile of metal junk , with no room to move around .
What are those risks ?
The sentence is already correct . Here it is unchanged : In contrast , the speaker casts doubt on the conclusion .
In this movie , the father is handicapped .
For example , in this generation , people watch movies and listen to music more than they read books and novels .
In Malaysia , there are a lot of cars .
So they are free to do all sorts of things , even if they are considered dangerous or irresponsible , such as bungee jumping .
I think most people would like that in a busy world , but I don ’ t think it will happen in the next twenty years .
Everyone would expect to leave behind their own secret dreams , like becoming a painter or a writer ...
I answered the question and made a good impression on both the lecturer and my friends .
While the listening passage suggests it seems fair for people to increase tax rates because they would then save money on other taxes they pay .
Homework will help you manage your time ; otherwise , you might spend that time on other things .
I mean our home country because we can speak Japanese and use it there .
New kinds of vehicles will be invented with more advanced technology than those of today .
This would have definitely required him to take out an immense amount of time from his work , and he stands as a perfect example to whom today 's youngsters relate .
They follow the path of the sun from east to west .
It 's time to take a rest and look back at your present .
I thought it was kind of ridiculous , but we have to do as the tour guide said .
If Japan has had such common sense for a long time , even after twenty years , people will still aim to own a car and drive it to show others they 're " rich . "
An example that would make this categorization problematic is an architect .
The upcoming generation won ’ t ride two-wheelers .
The marketing team can also make some adjustments to address the changes .
This is supported by national and international policies that attractively present the advantages of going abroad , such as gaining personal experiences in other countries and cultures , learning foreign languages while staying in a country where they are spoken , and so on .
Even if we fail , we have to try to get new things .
He explained that the methane is derived from a non-biological process .
I place in this group of people everyone who has achieved that success through their own work—people who work very hard and strive , for example , to develop new kinds of work or technologies , or someone who tries to do their work differently to reach their goal more easily .
Confidence comes naturally when perfection accompanies it .
The reasons are to pay for them and teach more than other institutes .
I completely agree that young people today aren ’ t spending enough time helping their communities .
Nowadays , society is changing drastically .
And through textbooks , students become more engaged .
On the other hand , a chef who tries new flavors will be recognized and will gain a place in the culinary world .
Also , I think we should thank these animals for everything they ’ ve done for us , no matter what .
When I grew up , I began to understand that what he said was quite right .
The other one is a gambler , which means that people always try new things and take risks .
Last month , I needed to buy a digital camera .
The world oil price is very high right now .
The cause of the Tunguska explosion was an asteroid .
Once we know and learn the facts , it will be easier for us to understand the ideas and concepts .
They didn ’ t grasp the ideas or any of the concepts they were learning .
And in the end , if you take a risk and succeed , you ’ ll surely become a successful person with all the rewards—and maybe even the awards—you deserve .
In my essay , I want to focus on how important it is for students to learn facts .
I naturally come to realize that I don ’ t really want to know .
Let 's say your interest is in paintings .
However , what makes a student excellent is understanding both the concepts and the facts .
Teaching the students these ideas has many advantages :
Should I risk my two years ' savings for a trip to Spain , or should I use my kids ' college fund to start my business ?
Even the government expects an increase in the use of four-wheelers .
And you can have a chance to create your own personal assistant to help you .
They would n't be able to discuss specific problems because they don ’ t know them .
For example , when I went to Bangkok , Thailand a few years ago , I felt like a stranger downtown .
I have my reasons for this .
Actually , that might not be true .
We still have to burn down forests to make land for farming , and the result is that birds will lose more of their habitat .
By the same token , people will learn many different things by doing so many activities , but they only learn their appeal , not any crucial information or wisdom from them .
On the other hand , if you specialize in just one subject , like physics , you ’ ll never be able to help him .
This is how we can enter the job market early and prove that we are capable of doing the job in a better way .
Judging a person 's contribution in terms of time would be specious .
New experiences are to someone what challenges are , and challenges are movement , a reason for some people to keep living .
Our social event will be lovely . If the drama can come together , I think we should learn more .
For example , when you read your school 's book for the first time , you won ’ t understand anything , but when you read it a second time , you ’ ll understand it .
This is the government rule that requires attendance at this seminar .
They might put it on the label , but they do n't mention it in TV ads .
For example , many scientists and engineers are studying cars that produce no harsh sounds or smoke .
Without empirical experience , I think , learners tend to forget all the information they ’ ve learned throughout their learning process in the long term .
First , disking can serve as an alternative to prescribed burning .
By simply knowing the culture of a country we 're living in but were n't born in , we wo n't be able to truly live there .
somebody who no give ans just take can not live within communities .
Court coats are very tall , and many disputed tickets are seen .
What could be more effective than loads of people working toward the same goal ?
With this quality , no one can beat us .
You typically have 30 minutes—an effective response will include a minimum of cultural experience and fit your test .
But I only use this software to win a lot of prizes , some of which have an important influence in my country .
If the ads ca n't catch your attention , how can they sell products to customers ?
Cutting down the dead trees is called salvage logging .
That 's why centralized attributes and business owners reducing their business ca n't account for the rise of factories .
Birds navigate using landmarks such as rivers , coastlines , and mountains .
A tour guide is generally someone who knows a great deal about the country—its most beautiful places , its most visited ones , and so on .
They have to contact a variety of fields to find out what their interests are .
Unfortunately , in most countries , public transport is not perfectly organized .
If you consider their consumption , fish have less fat and a lot of nutrients .
The public transportation in the city may not be able to cope with this huge flow of people .
Second , we study many academic subjects before specializing in one specific area .
This doesn ’ t mean that just because you take risks , you ’ re going to succeed .
One of the most important problems is certainly accidents—every day , millions of people die just because drivers aren ’ t careful . As a result , I believe there will be fewer cars in twenty years , but this will happen for just one reason : we ’ ll use something else .
The internet offers good opportunities for people who travel for work , for students , and for work in general .
Can you ever imagine the chaos our society would suffer if every individual considered themselves an expert in every given field ?
In this sense , I will introduce the concepts of two aspects with a detailed analysis and then draw a conclusion .
In my case , my younger brother needs more than just academic knowledge .
As a result , I believe specialized students will have more opportunities in the future .
Moreover , before the oil and gas run out , scientists will have made new cars that run on electricity or sunlight .
However , I firmly believe that students should learn a broad range of academic subjects .
I learned many kinds of subjects , and I was also able to make different types of friends .
On top of that , even if we 're willing to spend the time drafting the travel plan , we have no idea which travel sites are must-see .
They need to have a global vision before deciding what they like , and the way to obtain it is simply by studying a broad syllabus .
To understand these—and , more importantly , to connect them—that wisdom will serve him well .
We can use it .
Some people can meet others we know nothing about .
As my grandmother got older , she couldn ’ t move her body easily .
As a tour guide , a person has to be familiar with the place they are touring .
Three other customers have not started using the product because they don ’ t have anything to hang it with .
Where there are no trains , we ca n't avoid using cars .
You have to teach your child from an early age as they grow up .
If students have to study history , for example , it 's often enough to just learn the facts , but on the other hand , studying physics or math requires understanding the concepts .
For example , the subway in New York , bullet trains in Japan , the underground trains in Singapore , and the skytrains in Bangkok travel at lightning speed .
First , young people have an active mind .
Clearly , irreplaceable experience and fewer obstacles can lead to significant progress in achieving one 's definition of success .
Young people nowadays don ’ t spend enough time helping their communities .
The commercial was definitely more impressive than the product itself .
And one of them was my friend , who had serious problems with her health .
To this day , I still remember what we studied in class that day .
I had a good life in my country , but I got everything from my parents .
But if a student only learns things without understanding the concepts , no company will give that person an opportunity because they won ’ t know the concepts related to their field . This creates problems in the future .
Third , the stone tower on the east coast was built in an unnatural way , and since this style is unusual in Europe , it may have been constructed by non-Europeans .
Secondly , it ’ s unfair because it will affect low-income Americans .
The factories are releasing more sulfur dioxide into the air every year .
This results in people becoming more mature , strong , and calm when facing life 's problems , because they understand that problems pass and it depends on how everyone confronts them .
For example , working on a project ,
This space must become a garden .
However , there are people who think that when someone turns forty or gets older .
It 's worth noting that not everyone will succeed when taking a risk , but that shouldn ’ t deter anyone who wishes to take one .
Apparently , I have a Japanese friend in Japan ; his name is Tomo .
When they do some work , they think they have to finish it on time .
As the gasoline tax rises , it will encourage vehicle companies to produce more cars to sell to people .
Ignorance about striped bass will reduce our earnings , and it also has some surprising effects on our health .
Perhaps they have some disadvantages when it comes to humanity .
The lecture proved that the zebra mussel is not really a serious threat .
I think it might get lost .
I expect humans can create new materials to replace gas , but it 's very difficult .
Understanding the ideas and motives behind the war is more important because they may lead to conclusions that could change something within the student .
Nothing we can imagine is impossible .
Although there are some rules to protect young people , such as age restrictions for movies and warnings about the negative aspects of programs before they air , these are mainly for little kids , not young people like high school or university students .
However , the fact that they often don ’ t reflect the actual quality of a product decreases the reliability of advertisements .
We seem to have a lot of problems with those even though we have better materials than in the past .
We can be fatalistic and say that with the development of the Third World , the problem will worsen .
These things can make us more successful in life ; even if we are already successful , we must continue our work and take our chances to reach greater heights .
For the Greek philosophers Plato and Aristotle , the capacity to understand ideas and concepts—intelligence as the main ability of the human soul—is the part of ourselves that makes us the beings we truly are .
In conclusion , understanding the concepts is more important than learning the facts , because it 's the ultimate goal of learning them .
Young people generally enjoy their lives more than older people do .
First , the ships not only helped them spread but also killed them .
They might be bored by reading a complex passage .
But is it possible to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects without specializing in one particular topic ?
She decides to work in a nursing home because she wants to provide care for elderly people .
This demonstrates the undeniable fact that having different experiences is beneficial .
Therefore , they will become deeper thinkers and it will be good for their future , so teachers should be required to take courses every five years .
In my case , I work more than 200 hours a month to earn the money needed to pay back the bank—I borrowed some to buy my house .
Because students must do homework .
It makes a good partner .
As a result , she got the job she badly wanted , though she hadn ’ t expected it because so many people were flocking to the company .
Perhaps in twenty years , ecological concerns will mean fewer cars on the road than there are today—not for citizens who must commute to the office every day .
At this stage , young people need the experience of their elders to combat this depression .
In fact , this device was different from its competitors ' products .
We also don ’ t have to worry about other people , which means we have privacy and can talk loudly or even sing .
But I found out that the quality of the bat was very poor .
Some people only run to work or use the underground , but if you have your car , you can drive to work here .
The government is raising the tax on gasoline .
The professor also says that soybeans should be used as feed for the fish .
He was already successful in his field of live electrical equipment , but then he moved into the dominant field of electronics technology and succeeded .
A good company hires good brand ambassadors—these ambassadors don ’ t lie to consumers . Instead , they use their words to assure consumers that the product is genuine , not just praise it .
Traveling in a group , especially with a tour guide , helps us make our trip more productive .
On the other hand , the reading passage states that using chemicals is clearly not a good idea because they can cause parasitic infections in the human body .
When they went down to the forest , they produced fire .
Both the lecture and the reading suggest that other archaeological monuments in the area date from the Kingdom period .
If I have one suggestion .
To be sure , we Japanese contribute to environmental destruction because we consume the most wood .
I asked my student what he thought of my lesson and tried to find out where the problem was .
That means if I have a broad knowledge of politics , then I ’ m aware of when and where to speak about what .
He also teaches factual concepts to the students .
That was a very beautiful dream I had at the time .
After majoring in any field of study , a student can not immediately adjust to the practical world .
By contrast , the lecture argues that the quality of discussion is the most important factor , rather than the number of discussions .
The concepts of a subject give us the background of the main strands of what we are going to learn and study .
I will outline my arguments in favor of this statement in the following paragraphs .
This example proves that knowing the fact is less important than knowing the concepts related to it .
Einstein 's seminal theory of relativity has been proven by facts .
While I was there , someone tried to steal my bag and passport .
Second , the roads ca n't be damaged because raising the tax will result in far fewer cars .
Second , the scrolls contain a huge amount of gold—about 35 kilograms—so their price will be much higher .
I don ’ t have a car , but I dream of it .
The rest of the period could see a change in how they work .
This will definitely cause some problems .
Nowadays , each family member owns a car .
Understanding ideas and concepts—and with that , the structures of thought—can help you greatly .
In America , a lot of families have more than one car , and furthermore , some of them have three or four .
Thus , I see more people opting for their own cars in the near future .
People who don ’ t give enough time to helping their communities should change that .
Otherwise , they may feel inadequate one day if they continue their studies .
Most of us will understand better when the ideas and concepts of the war are shown , and we can get very excited about it .
What should I do ?
I couldn ’ t devote much time to any sport , so I couldn ’ t become a great athlete .
For example , I know that smoking is bad .
This degree would allow me to explore other fields that involve some basic engineering .
When someone engages in lawful behavior , it must be justified by law .
Therefore , I ’ m going to discuss this question through my experiences .
Lastly , for economic reasons , it isn ’ t beneficial because the cost of the equipment and staff required to control fires is very high .
then there 's a chance to shift him to other parts of cricket .
First of all , he argued that Americans will not ignore " eco-certified " products since there is so much advertising now .
The reasons and examples below will support my opinion in this essay .
But in fact , secondly , it needs to be experienced .
A student who chooses to study at a university must become well acquainted with different methods of expanding current ideas and concepts .
The French Revolution happened in Europe during the modern period for those reasons .
It is therefore important for governments and international organizations to try to reduce the negative consequences of this trend .
It mentions the cane toad , which threatens many local species in Australia .
This will help create a brotherhood relationship .
By trial and error , I succeeded , which gave me a great sense of accomplishment .
While we know that fish is eaten as a meal , fish farming can be harmful to humans .
Although understanding the concepts is important , sometimes facts are the only way for them to learn .
The presidents of companies like Toyota or Ford are successful because they know how to start their companies and make smart decisions .
Instead , they would help with household chores or farming .
But the lecturer shows a different angle of the system ...
People will buy more cars and take advantage of this transportation option in the days to come .
And we can save a lot of time . Secondly , the tour guide will introduce the spots of Enqi culture , and then we can enjoy the delightful trip—not just pass through but stay for a while .
Understanding how they work would give students a better lesson .
Second , Menzies points out that Chinese ships in the 1400s used very distinctive anchors—round stones with a hole in the middle .
Young people can work easily and find any information in just a few minutes .
It can certainly be the case .
On a group trip , we have to follow the group 's schedule .
Using my own car probably would have made this much more difficult and stressful , if not impossible .
Help others and let 's all live in a comfortable home .
Global warming may occur due to a lack of cooling .
So , their parents will buy it for them .
They are busy with themselves ; they don ’ t spend time helping the society they live in .
And it seems like that notion will be even further strengthened by the emergence of new Chinese producers who are even cheaper .
I can remember a lecture I attended .
Their third reason is that it gives us the chance to make our brains work and think about how this happened .
Television makers just slapped academic titles on their programs .
Even though there is life , there is hope .
They have a special diet .
This is clearly evident in how many young people organize fundraisers or book collections to help others receive a proper education , as well as in how many students visit schools for the blind to read books aloud and assist them .
They believe what celebrities say in advertisements .
As a result , young people feel less of a sense of competition for a place in universities .
However , Bill Gates made people 's lives more comfortable than previous circumstances had .
Also , by paying more attention to understanding ideas and concepts , students will not only comprehend the facts they are given but also acquire the skill of understanding , which they can apply in all areas of their lives .
If a person only knows the facts , they would never think about the possibilities .
In fact , while older people can enjoy some light sports and entertainment , I don ’ t think it ’ s as interesting as more intense sports or activities .
They don ’ t want to regret their lives on earth .
It 's better to have a very good understanding and knowledge of many academic subjects because it broadens your perspective and gives you the chance and opportunity to work in different fields and environments .
For instance , Yang Zhenning , a renowned scientist with great achievements and fame , is highly proficient in literature while specializing in physics research .
It is said that zebra mussels from the bottoms of ships moved into freshwater and devastated nature .
This implies that there can be instances where no such overstating takes place at all .
In my opinion , there are several reasons why this is true .
The availability of jobs for candidates with specific knowledge is lower compared to that for all-round performers .
Because when you understand the whole idea , you can imagine how the theory works .
It 's not worth jumping into a pool without knowing how to swim since you may not be able to breathe again .
The person who takes many subjects stands a better chance of getting a job .
To solve that kind of problem , they will have to use their understanding .
Another thing is that ads always show and indicate prices on commodities , allowing consumers to budget well so they can buy them .
However , successful people who achieve great accomplishments do not easily give up or back down when faced with challenges that others consider impossible .
In other words , cars won ’ t be useful in the future because of these new types of transportation being developed and invented .
They get together for a LAN party with the neighbors ' kids .
The lecture also mentioned that the stone placed between the Sphinx 's front paws was not put there during the reign of the Old Kingdom king Khafre .
But some young people do not help their community .
I give some of my time to help others because I think it 's very important .
For example , here ’ s one student who knows the facts but doesn ’ t know how to— ?
They can travel more freely than older people can .
The first reason is that global warming was not connected to the Anasazi 's disappearance .
We simply need to eat , buy clothes , start a family , and raise it .
This happens more when one is watching a movie with the family .
Among the many required skills is knowledge of more than two languages .
However , it 's quite rare to find elderly people in pubs or gyms in China .
Personally , I doubt there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years than there are today , based on my observations of falling vehicle prices , a growing population , and the stagnating pace of technological advances in terrestrial transportation .
Finally , zebra mussels are likely to cause a decline in the overall fish population in habitats where they dominate .
I agree with the idea of taking a risk and pursuing a new field .
The size of the written treasure is too large .
It 's very strange why the people were able to live without enough water for 50 years , only to move because they didn ’ t have enough water .
If they 're really interested in these courses , that 's all right .
Therefore , it 's possible to believe that the Tunguska explosion was caused by an asteroid .
In the passage , it says that only endothermic animals can maintain their body temperature in such cold climates .
Thinking about their old age , young people are trying to create a better society for everyone .
If someone does n't know , eating is very important for bone and brain growth—or for the body in general—it 's a fact , but the idea that eating is just useful is incorrect .
Advertising can be misused not only by corporations but also by governments , as in the case of the Nazi regime .
He 's the one who can give the different specialties a chance to shine .
But generally , moments of happiness in life ca n't really be compared because they 're different .
Such people impressed others through their strong will and devotion to duty .
Besides , smoke emitted from cars and the noise from car engines damage the environment and people 's health .
The main reasons are as follows .
It has become one of the effective measures manufacturers use to sell their products .
However , when I went to Canada by myself , I did many things I wanted to , so it was very exciting .
It isn ’ t easy for older people to watch younger ones spending their time on what they consider useless things .
Sometimes their teachers only teach the facts , which are easier to memorize .
For example , if you visit the ruins in Rome without a tour guide , you might not realize their importance or the history behind them .
So they have to pay more attention to their health instead of enjoying the arts .
Why do we like this ?
However , she was wrong .
Working hard means running the company .
If your answer is yes , that 's good .
For example , if an elderly person doesn ’ t hear well , young people might start thinking—even from childhood—about inventing something to help older people hear better .
Right from the age of 5 or 6 , children are busy with their curriculum .
However , I firmly believe that traveling with a guide is quite beneficial because of the possibility of visiting many places in a short time and the safety it provides .
I 've only studied for the exam by studying .
We will feel confused and wo n't see things clearly .
Thus , I think that when we understand ideas and concepts , the main effects and influences fade because they merge with our opinions and beliefs .
Is it just about understanding the idea behind that concept ?
By practicing exercises , students can learn the correct procedures , and by making mistakes , they ’ ll better understand the concepts and avoid repeating the same errors in the future .
Adults send their children to school to attend these different kinds of classes .
What is the world , and what are we supposed to do here ?
This period is not enough to evaluate the student .
Secondly , the Earth 's ground retained heat .
So in the past , they could n't get information about what they needed , but now we can find out what we want and get a lot of information about our interests .
That ’ s not really what merit-based pay is about .
The Anglican version of Christianity became popular in northern Europe , and many people still believe in its doctrines .
Before selecting a product , everyone should carefully read all the available information about it .
The inability to do the things they desire makes older people unhappy .
The speaker argues that it results from the difficulties of today 's literature .
However , I want to go to the U.S.A. so I can study and live in my dream country . I want to have my family there so I ’ m never alone .
I don ’ t know American teachers well , but some Japanese teachers just present facts during class hours .
Because of this , I prefer studying concepts and ideas rather than learning facts .
A product needs advertising to become known in an area and attract its population so that everyone will want a piece of it .
Most scientists say these bass play a far more significant role in the decline of the menhaden population .
When someone has more than one academic subject , it can be more amazing , interesting , positive , great , and helpful .
Therefore , I think there will be more cars than there are today .
Because we 're watching a movie to earn something .
But now everything has changed ; life has become more difficult .
They should understand what the ideas and concepts they study mean in practice , how they can be used , and how they have already been used .
Some products are expensive because they 're branded , while others are cheaper because they 're not . But if you look at the quality , it 's almost the same as the more expensive ones .
It is therefore necessary to understand the underlying idea and develop a well-organized concept .
He knows how to draw a line between gambling and taking risks .
So , we must cooperate well with others after solving today 's problem .
It may tell us how large the world is .
A prohibition would n't solve the real problem .
Though preferences for fully enjoying life might differ between a young person and an older person .
In the younger generation , one can find more joy externally by chasing their dreams , while in elderly people , it can be internal .
It has some problems that can affect humans .
Sure , both arguments will probably reduce the number of cars , but the strongest argument speaks for itself : China .
It mentions that it has now reached some parts of North America .
And I expect that if we reduce the number of cars , we will protect our lives , our environment , and we won ’ t depend on gas resources .
I claim that they are not yet able to feel the same sense of satisfaction that an old man has when seeing his grandchildren play .
Since I didn ’ t have to wake up too early this morning , I took the underground , then the train , and finally the underground again in Rome .
Edison , who invented the light bulb , is an obvious example .
Many people think that treasure never existed , but in reality , it does .
Perhaps I ca n't truly enjoy life , and I 'm tired .
This doesn ’ t imply that either person isn ’ t enjoying life or enjoying it to a different extent .
Even if they use buses , which are large vehicles , the fact that people take the bus still reduces the number of cars .
Our group decided to open Waseda Café .
Nowadays , so many people study the ways that make advertisements increase sales that our behavior is influenced by what we hear or see on television .
However , I also feel good about this because it shows the huge leap we could make in twenty years , not just small steps .
She also uses this to challenge the reading passage .
In this way , a person always feels original and " modern , " not " ancient " like the people around them .
I need to understand what carbohydrates , proteins , vitamins , and minerals are and how they 're broken down in our body to produce ATP .
And no tourists will come , Yellowstone won ’ t be popular , and of course , local businesses that depended on park visitors suffered as a result .
When we go to their home , they seem to be happy .
But if all you want is to stay at home and live on your own , it may not be that important for you .
Our country has been criticized for its one-way teaching .
It 's also possible that travelers could reschedule the plan and the destinations .
Though not much less frequent , it still fulfills the needs we have for it today .
As a conclusion , you are not totally attracted by the product but by the lifestyle that this product will give you .
Though I 'm from Fukuoka , I now live in Yokohama to attend Yokohama City University .
Over the past twenty years , they have also been able to provide us with better cars—more resource-efficient transportation tools—that offer far greater convenience for travel .
A breakthrough event or product is necessary to succeed .
Lots of people use bicycles to get around .
Second , old houses can stand in the way of community development .
What we need to keep in mind is that oil is n't used only for cars but also for other materials .
This new product is flooding the market .
Fresh water will be carried by ships traveling from Europe to the east coast of North America , and as a result , the mussel will spread throughout Europe .
I do n't agree that initiative-taking people take more risks than those who do n't .
Graham Bell worked hard and took risks to invent the telephone , in addition to his electrical knowledge .
For example , during a traffic jam , public transit ca n't accommodate such a large number of people—how would the clerks handle it ?
They can help me with languages , recommend specific beautiful places , tell me about the country 's special foods , and explain its culture .
And the new generation prefers using public transport , which is why experts believe that in twenty years , fewer cars will be used .
Traveling by yourself is very good for your future .
But if I were trying to do all the sightseeing without a tour guide , it would be very difficult and dangerous .
When we talk about the so-called value of a product , we envision a scenario where dozens of products line supermarket shelves and , when you turn on the television , there ’ s an endless stream of commercials , each touting exciting new features of the advertised products .
In addition , it uses the North Star to migrate directly north .
Sometimes , even a personality , like a famous actor , becomes this trustworthy voice .
For example , the hamburgers in commercials and on menus look much juicier , neater , and fresher than the ones you buy .
These days , most of the upcoming graduates are just memorizing their subjects—about 70 % of the material is just learned by rote .
I have very few friends or classmates who would make good friends .
All facts are merely deceptions .
We still don ’ t know whether aliens exist in our solar system .
If I travel in a group with a tour guide , my time will be limited .
Attendance doesn ’ t mean that teenagers are fully participating in class .
Trust me , God will bless the young people .
To study the processes underlying biochemical pathways , knowledge of biochemistry—an integration of biology and chemistry—is required .
Thanks to a new and " out of the box " way of thinking , this is what has made our civilizations what they are today .
When speaking to the employer , the company should not know .
At this point , business has shifted to online business .
Traveling is very important for people to learn about the world , and in a group , it could be even better .
It contributes to air pollution and rising temperatures .
For instance , birds don ’ t usually try to remember the objects they ’ ve passed by , such as a stone , a building , or even a small house .
That 's true !
For example , you had to hire a supervisor to manage the factory , and the operating costs were much higher than the transportation costs .
Because it was creative and innovative .
So it means there ’ s no certain way to explain how migrating birds find their way home .
Their lives are a repetition of studying and learning .
However , the problem is that if we use prescribed burning as a tool , it costs a lot of money—10 times more than the normal method .
But several reasons drew me to this conclusion .
They usually forget where the book is set .
Who can say no to a business that can make your life safer ?
For example , I prefer to specialize in public relations , which helps me in my personal life—how to deal with authoritative people .
Let me tell you about my father 's daily activities and compare them with mine .
Although the professor in the listening passage explains that the solution is acceptable because the striped bass population is not only vital for menhaden but also for the entire ecological system that depends on it .
The fact is that it would rain when the specific conditions are met .
That 's not true , either .
First is how to release the drugs as quickly as possible in order to sell them faster and make more money sooner . However , the government requires a certain amount of testing to be completed before the drug is released , which delays the drug 's release date .
One day , there might be a tool that can take us anywhere we want in just a few seconds .
The car industry seems to face too many hurdles for growth in recent times .
It depends on the different body types .
It 's a slow process , but after it , they can use Yerkish signs and begin to understand what people—trainers and researchers—are saying .
If we plant some species that are much hardier than other plants .
Because it rains more and the plants grow well , the Pueblo can make full use of it .
Additionally , popular movie stars or famous people in advertisements attract people .
The first is our living conditions .
For example , if successful people didn ’ t try new things , how could people have invented airplanes , cars , computers , and so on ?
Let ’ s think of music as a metaphor for all areas of knowledge , and the different instruments as metaphors for the separate disciplines .
The more I study , the more satisfied I feel .
Billions of people use it every day .
I went to Wegmans to buy a watch because I thought it would be nice to have one .
Major improvements should be made to public transportation to encourage people to give up their vehicles .
First , it ’ s hard for young people to find time to help their community .
Many people have various reasons , such as seeing the world or having different experiences , but their purposes have something in common .
We always joke around or do something stupid .
So , cars have a positive impact on the economy , and I don ’ t think the government will try to impose restrictions on them .
Those days are gone when only the rich could afford it .
Even if we don ’ t have one ourselves , others use them to make our lives easier—whether it ’ s a truck delivering food to the supermarket or a car taking us to the hospital in an emergency .
People like these often get bored listening to tour guides ' lectures , which sometimes resemble monologues learned by heart for a class .
This does n't destroy our culture because our culture has changed .
Our current way of living is highly energy-intensive .
In my opinion , if a friend stays in the world , they can help with everything .
Last but not least , zebra mussels are likely to cause a decline in the overall fish population in habitats where they become dominant .
Scientists are worried that someday these fossil fuels could run out and there will be no more .
So , it 's important for students .
I had been struggling with how to complete difficult assignments , study effectively , improve my grades , and develop learning strategies .
Because in competition , a person wants everything to be better than their competitor .
Understanding ideas and concepts helps students learn information about many subjects and receive a good education from the knowledge they gain .
Therefore , we believe that taking care of society 's mental health should come first .
The basic requirements of today 's men have changed .
One can have a lot of fun or enjoyment on the trip if guided by someone who knows the area .
But the only reason is that they never give up .
The only possible answer I can come up with is that success is understood as the ability to invent new ideas and put novel theories or strategies into practice .
Everyone has fears and feels scared to take on a new challenge .
The population explosion is another factor catalyzing the consumption of energy resources .
The sentence is already correct . Here it is unchanged : Why should I do that ?
It can certainly help us reach another stage .
But after a while , they found out it was n't true .
Although people have great brain capacity to gain and learn knowledge , it is easy to acquire general knowledge about many things .
But what about the stress they have to endure—the stress related not only to their position in life but also to the struggle they face for their ambition ?
For vehicles like motorcycles , the number of passengers is limited to two , and similarly , there are limits to how many people can be accommodated in a vehicle .
The risk is one of these opportunities .
As I see it , there will be a lot of research done in the future to find such alternative energies , which will also be environmentally friendly as well as cheaper .
Speed cameras can be placed in many locations along a highway .
Therefore , I can enjoy the trip more without it .
He is a specialist in computer programming , but he doesn ’ t know about other fields .
But the experience of painting has given me many new skills in filmmaking .
Because I have broad knowledge .
People try to drink it .
If everyone in the city uses their own car , the city will become seriously polluted by exhaust fumes .
Do n't be afraid to try something new !
It is better to avoid giving them strong medicines than to do so .
Fortunately , their topic becomes clearer by using this many concepts from the books .
A person ca n't be successful if they act like everyone else .
They will have a tremendous problem trying to keep their car in a safe place .
Secondly , they are confident that the new method will be another way to improve a mechanism .
They have a limit to the ways that have meaning and function like a word .
Also save your time and make this journal satisfying for you .
Moreover , the decisions of others could be wrong .
To do this , companies must present their products in a better light than they actually are ; otherwise , the company 's future—and that of its employees—could be at risk .
They are the backbone and vital part of society .
Young people , being healthy , have fewer things to worry about .
She believes people can also enhance their cultural awareness through great music or meaningful films .
The most important thing you can do is not to talk to him like a baby .
To discover new concepts and apply them in their future jobs .
I think the biggest reason is the artificial environment compared to the past .
If older people are more open to changes , their lives will become better .
There is a very distant possibility that ancestors moved the treasure from Egypt to the Dead Sea .
That means just learning facts isn ’ t going to leave a lasting impression on students .
Although I often feel hurt at this time when thinking about some questions .
My personal view is that such behavior is damaging to a young person 's development , as it promotes uniformity and conformity rather than creativity and innovation .
Facts help us understand the usefulness or advantages of a newly formed product .
The other is about the extreme measures taken to conserve water .
It 's important for everyone to have faith in themselves and to always look ahead rather than stay in one place .
The first theory is that birds navigate by referencing celestial objects such as the sun and stars .
Every house nowadays has a computer , a mobile phone , etc . This is what today 's man wants to live with .
You could be a very successful scholar of the language but still not be able to speak it at all .
These are enjoyable tasks that train your mind to look forward to various experiences .
Those problems don ’ t exist for an online encyclopedia , which can be accessed by anyone with an internet connection .
Second , if a park has fires , the animals in it won ’ t survive .
I think shrinking market conditions are forcing car companies to fight harder to survive .
This phenomenon then reminds them that it 's time to refer to other subjects .
He could then strive to gain practical experience in that field , since theory alone is ineffective without practice .
While studying at university , people may still not know which subject they should specialize in .
These activities are only for their future amusement .
I have a great influence on my own life .
After all , we 're the internet generation .
It 's expensive .
Is it really possible ?
That is bravery and being interested in everything .
I will describe these two main issues : meeting the needs of modern society and being eligible candidates for some companies .
When Bill Gates was a young man , he attended Harvard University , and he was respected by others simply for attending Harvard .
In fast-paced societies , we ca n't imagine how the world would change .
Otherwise , we 're sick and tired of living in this world .
Consider the example of Bangalore , a city in India .
These surveys also demonstrate how unaware many young men and women are of the improvements they could achieve if they were able to establish an effective connection with their communities .
And in contrast to this , the professor said that the disease study wasn ’ t designed very well .
Therefore , many psychological tricks are used to make a product seem more attractive than it really is .
Maintaining old buildings costs a lot of money .
These factors can only contribute to an increase in the number of cars .
We don ’ t need to look for a parking space .
Sometimes , it 's very comfortable , but it 's not important to me .
Internet encyclopedias can contribute new articles or make editorial changes .
It very often happens that many companies are involved in making the same product , which means competition .
Why is n't there one left around Tunguska ?
Have you ever thought about this ?
Since students are young .
This contrasts with the point in the reading that advertising has no effect on American people because they are bombarded by it from different sources .
If they teach them , they will never forget it , and it will be beneficial for our country .
I ca n't imagine that over the next 20 years anything could prevent an American from using their car to drive the three blocks to the post office .
For instance , when I was in elementary school , I learned math formulas without understanding the concepts .
When you look at the Honda Civic 's advertising , it looks as fancy as a Mercedes .
That 's the way it is .
That would be a frequently asked question , so to answer it , we should be aware of the facts .
However far we try to look ahead , gas has become a very expensive commodity that will only grow more expensive .
Clearly , you must demonstrate your skills by speaking .
It is more important for them to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
Rather than keeping his investment within the confines of the oil business , where he is the master , he went ahead with his new plan .
They complement each other .
Therefore , if someone comes up with a breakthrough or innovative idea , they will be the first to capitalize on it .
Students may not understand facts very well until they grasp the ideas and concepts related to them .
They wander the streets wearing all kinds of clothes .
However , almost all of our tour guides would go there with my group members and me .
This sentence is already correct . Here it is unchanged : But this does not happen .
In history , for example , it ’ s helpful to understand what event causes another and why ; this makes it easier to learn that the first occurs before the second , and thus to remember the dates .
The fact is that making the nails ourselves would probably cost us more than buying them .
My children aren ’ t going to school or college and are going to the movies instead .
In the age of technology and evolution , people have arrived at a solution : they must reduce the number of water carriers or waterway ships traveling between North America and Eastern Europe , or build more canals and ship ports to decrease the load on ships and transport fewer zebra mussels .
It can be a good opportunity to make time for themselves to do anything .
However , she also said that some kinds of birds are shrinking .
Yet I 'm sure there are a number of examples of people who have achieved success that would disprove the statement .
This is obvious from the fact that when the mind is n't clear and free , a person ca n't fully engage in any activity .
However , I have a different way of thinking about the quote .
First , young people face many challenges .
This is an effective solution to stop advancing fires .
This always challenges consumers to buy a particular commodity in order to satisfy their needs and wants in modern times .
For example , it will be easier for people to concentrate on a subject such as geology if they have a broad knowledge of many academic fields than to try to focus on geology after having studied literature .
After an official training course , we helped the patients bathe , talked with elderly people who lived alone , and helped the organization hold activities during special occasions like Mother ’ s Day .
You can buy a vanilla cake at a specialty store and another at a regular store .
Some guides are n't sure about the information .
They share their views and ideas in a group .
Hope is the key to finding new tasks .
This is because the choice can seem like a common part to students .
Developing communities want to build more modern buildings .
I strongly believe that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today due to reduced damage and technological replacement .
Most importantly , however , zebra mussels often have no predators in their new habitats , and species without natural predators are likely to dominate their environments .
It 's possible that , like the energy problem , people 's lifestyles will change .
For example , when I was in school , my geography book presented Pluto as the last planet , but recent studies have shown that Pluto isn ’ t a planet at all because of some different characteristics .
But that doesn ’ t mean I don ’ t respect and admire the others .
For example , in Korea , teachers present material and students learn what the teachers are saying without discussing it with them during class .
They do n't need to know any facts about that cake .
First , we can protect our environment by conserving oil and gas .
To gain a broad knowledge of many academic subjects , we can explore more interesting fields and find it easier to understand them .
I completely disagree with what the author is trying to say .
I feel that supporting this can be part of life .
But on the other hand , we risk poisoning this product , since farmers often feed their fish growth-inducing chemicals .
Think about it—if you 're in your 50s or 60s , you always think about your health .
I advise everyone to always keep smiling and have fun in this wonderful life God gave us .
Everyone knows each other .
Another reason to join a big company is job security .
Indeed , on the one hand , there are obvious signs that cars are becoming less and less popular among people .
Although we do n't have good grades , we have talent for other things .
The people attending this lecture will mostly be specialists in the subject .
To keep their products more valuable , companies sometimes use strategies to maintain their clientele 's enthusiasm .
The second argument also seems a bit out of context , since new technologies may hardly reduce the number of cars used .
But it depends on the level at which we gain this knowledge .
As the expert mentioned , water pressure is another cause of explosions .
For example , banks have many highly specialized departments .
Everybody would ultimately benefit from their experience : the general public and those who want to learn from them .
Boys and girls easily believe them .
At present , my opinion is that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
The important thing is how we can get more information .
This is merely an opinion based on current , though well-established , facts .
They don ’ t have to read specific books and articles just because they love the topic .
Knowing something is n't bad—it means you 're intelligent—but a doctor must be exceptionally skilled at saving and helping sick people .
If , however , the student includes only concepts and their own or someone else 's ideas—which may be incorrect—the professor will question whether the student actually did what was assigned .
We can just hope that those cars will have a new motor generation that pollutes less .
While I was watching TV , the radio ...
After graduating from university , thanks to his software skills , he was able to get a job easily and became the best in his field .
Everybody deserves to enjoy life .
It would increase in price after a few years , and its owner would have an overpriced item and become a successful man .
But the professor refutes the idea by presenting some tested results from research conducted on oil that isn ’ t widely accepted around the world .
Those who were open enough to try it risked spending too much money by choosing the first and only tariff , which was higher than other suppliers ' , but they were connected to the world .
The old teaching system is fair because it evaluates teachers based on education , teaching skills , and—most importantly—teaching experience .
In an emergency , they could be of great help if they 're aware of common child health problems and their treatments .
The problem is that when we and our competitors have more or less the same resources and strategy , both may survive , but the chance of one 's victory is n't guaranteed .
It is dangerous for plants and crops and makes rivers too acidic for fish and other animals to live in .
It is strongly related to our daily lives .
With this population outburst , more cars will be needed to meet people 's needs .
The passage states that humans are endotherms and maintain an internal body temperature of up to 37 degrees , the same as dinosaurs , which maintained body temperatures of 37 degrees or higher .
If there were no concerned adults to care for the feeding , well-being , and overall needs of those children , humanity as we know it would not exist .
As people say , " Luck follows those who are brave , " and to break free from your everyday routine , you must be brave—but that will likely bring you success .
In my opinion , I agree with the statement that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
There are two crucial facts : no particles from the asteroid explosion were found , and the area of the asteroid and the majority of the explosion .
Young people adapt to new technologies more easily than older people .
It would be like adding a few drops of water to the ocean .
Success is usually connected with some achievement .
If the explorers had n't taken risks , we would n't have discovered the new continent .
The second point is about the evidence . According to the passage , the evidence associates the Sphinx with a known Old Kingdom king and identifies the Sphinx as honoring Khafre . However , the lecture states that this evidence is not strong enough to support the claim . It is also not strong enough to confirm the connection to the Old Kingdom king Khafre , as the stone plaque between the Sphinx ’ s front paws carries and identifies Khafre .
First of all , you ’ ll learn a lot about this subject because you don ’ t have anything else to do .
During the Mao era , cars were accessible only to politicians or privileged party members .
They say they have their reasons .
They 're very young and do n't have jobs , so they ca n't finish their studies .
However , people who didn ’ t join the event seem like winners because they forgot about it early .
Secondly , critics argue that many cases of placebo-induced improvement occur only at a psychological level .
Second , he argues that strong property rights developed from the factory system , not the other way around .
Buses , subways , and even planes are means of transportation that can be used in many areas .
For example , in a science subject , it 's necessary for students to understand the material ; otherwise , they wo n't be able to follow the teacher .
Many people watch advertisements .
At that time , people with knowledge in various fields were able to find jobs in the surviving industries .
Nothing in literature has been declined .
They don ’ t have to go to work every day ; instead , they can go see a football game in another city .
Also , it ’ s more comfortable to move .
You ca n't imagine any government giving up so many jobs to unemployment .
Coming to atmosphere and nature , both are the same .
I wish I could travel somewhere where I could take as many pictures as I want .
For example , if my friends are talking about their computer problems , I ’ ll give them advice on how to solve the issue , or just listening and understanding them will also help them feel more comfortable in our meeting .
For example , famous businessmen travel around the world every day !
Our existing knowledge will enhance our ability to compete in the future .
Many car companies exist , and each year they release at least six , seven , eight , or even more new models .
If any problems occur in old age , they can be very difficult for them .
I think that talking with a person who has a different mother tongue than me is the best way to learn about a new culture and language ; however , there aren ’ t many chances to meet them .
This rapid economic growth , which can also be observed in many developing nations , has led to an increase in per capita income and improved lifestyles for individuals .
In modern life , it 's all about money and what you earn , but that is n't the only measure of success .
In cases like that , BMW uses advertisements to show people what the product is really like .
When Google was founded , other internet search engines already existed .
I want a broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
We had many conversations about the future of this sector but never detected signs or future plans that would imply a decline in the number of cars .
He has visited many countries around the world .
Getting older isn ’ t just about age .
That 's not really good .
Perhaps when the economy is struggling , those people can find new jobs quickly , but the jobs may not be the best fit for their skills .
The important thing about this case is that each country has to use an official solution for its learning problems .
For example , a researcher who wants to be successful must take risks .
All modern endotherms have legs positioned underneath their bodies .
If they do n't keep up with recent studies , what will they teach their students ?
Second , the high cost of drug testing ultimately leads to the unit drug cost being higher than the cost of producing it .
However , the lecturer says the vague location was described because the ancient people wanted to keep the treasure 's location secret .
However , the importance of factual knowledge can not be underestimated .
But , on the contrary , he argues that fluoride also has some disadvantages .
For these reasons , I disagree with the idea that young people have more fun than older people .
He mentions that chemicals used to cure diseased fish harvested from farms could endanger wild species .
For example , I like to go to a big city like New York .
When we were born , our parents taught us how to speak . After we grew up , they sent us to school to learn how to write . Sometimes , you have to learn vocabulary from writing , and then you can use more words in your speech .
Would you give it to someone else to solve ?
Everyone knows that sports can improve our bodies , but we need to try it for ourselves to truly understand—yes , sports really can help us achieve a healthy body .
Thus , we can easily remember this formula without spending extra energy and time , and it is still useful to me .
However , I think what students like is more important .
They are simply swayed by the idea of top products like best-sellers , brands , and luxuries , and briefly consider their own safety .
First , he shows that in some cases , a placebo made the patient believe they were going to get cured , which caused their body to produce more immune cells that killed the illness .
You 'll be in one , two , or three academic fields—you get it because everything you know can be used together to create something better .
And this might probably mean that our knowledge is limited .
This contradicts the reading passage 's explanation that prescribed burns might cause fires to spread , making coordination difficult .
Now they can afford the lawsuit against the music industry , which sued them for about $ 100 million for creating P2P software that allegedly infringed on their intellectual property .
Thus , after you return to the city , you may become brothers .
It 's not incorrect to say that the world is losing some great support systems to which young people can greatly contribute .
Because we need food .
When there 's a need to do something , young people do n't think .
He will be mature enough to make wise decisions about expanding his business and trying new things .
The ecological balance should apply to the entire area .
Early signs are already visible .
This is probably because , in general , we 're all pampered from the time we 're born until well into our adolescence .
The listening part gives us information about Vulcan , which was found on Mars , and also reveals that a bacteria was discovered , but no one can identify what kind of bacteria it was .
In Korea , we use a day-off system for private vehicles .
The person takes the bike , goes where he wishes , and leaves the car at his nearest bus station .
I can imagine both points of view ; as far as I 'm concerned , I believe cars won ’ t become more common in the future .
Learning to play the piano or dance ballet may have been a privilege in the past , but that is no longer the case .
For example , the school has a regulation that there will be punishment for those who arrive late to class .
Accordingly , most students have learned many subjects in school .
But there are still many people who haven ’ t succeeded yet .
Second , he can not accept the use of lie detector results as evidence in court .
They run on solar energy .
It is true .
And I 'm going to another country .
Imagine we could have trees in our garden that produce cherries and apples .
I graduated from university .
On the other hand , the lecture points out that the absence of a crater in Tunguska suggests the explosion occurred in the atmosphere .
A lesson is something new you gain from an experience .
Today 's youth are aware of their responsibilities as citizens .
But I disagree with this opinion because advertisements often don ’ t just talk about the product ’ s functions—they also promise other characteristics that don ’ t depend on it .
It gives him many opportunities in life , and I think being a knowledgeable person is a wonderful thing to have so we can live our lives successfully and full of happiness .
In other words , the image in the TV commercial is the most important factor in determining whether the viewer will buy it or not .
Members gather money for the funeral and help them out .
