New technology has been introduced to society .
One possible outcome is that environmentally induced reductions in motorization levels in the richer countries will outweigh any rise in motorization levels in the poorer countries .
Every person needs to know a bit about math , science , arts , literature , and history in order to stand out in society .
While the travel company will most likely show them some interesting sites in order for its customers to advertise the company to their family and friends , it is highly unlikely that the company will tell them about the sites that were not included in the tour—for example , due to entrance fees that would make the total package price overly expensive .
The disadvantage is that parking their car is very difficult .
Larger farms use more chemical products and substances to feed fish .
For example , my cousin is 12 years old .
If it does , you 'll only get a misunderstood idea about that article , not the original one .
Secondly , chimps can also exhibit the capability for grammar , which means they can demonstrate the ability to combine words and use grammatical constructions .
Nevertheless , this city is undergoing a big change .
I think learning facts is only evidence if the students can work hard and if they are able to retain every detailed piece of information as taught , but it 's definitely not evidence of their intelligence .
Unfortunately , most older people can not use the internet , despite its benefits .
So , if I have a lot of information about this subject , I will talk too much with knowledge , but if I have only general information on the subject , I will talk about it with my limited knowledge , and this may make me feel ashamed , like when my brother asked me about something but I didn ’ t have much information about it .
Because if I see someone do something that may save me time and energy and it works , I will do it .
The government should consider the entire natural environment .
They will not be able to compete with other similar brands , and the product will fizzle out or die .
People are now opening their eyes to the scenario in which we will run out of fuel .
For me , it was great because I needed to talk on the phone locally and nationally for long periods of time .
They only care whether the effects are good and popular among the crowd .
That is why calculated risks , as one might call them , are the precursors to great success , as they capture people 's attention by offering new opportunities .
He said , in other words , that too much fluoride may cause damage to the human body , specifically the bones .
When these people come up with their new ideas , others often find them very strange .
The sentence is already correct .
No other transportation concept has been as successful as the car , not only because of the good street and highway system throughout the United States and Europe , but also because of the fact that people love their cars .
If they prefer to choose cars over motorbikes , that means there will be many cars .
That 's why he is a legend these days and people respect him .
For example , in math club , teachers usually teach us how to solve a math problem using various ways .
On the other hand , when I was a freshman in college , I could concentrate on my favorite subjects .
I have an IBM computer , and my laptop is a Dell .
The air in China is not very clean because of cars .
When the price of gas goes up , consumers do not want to buy gas for fuel .
Although learning more subjects gives us a great deal of knowledge , which makes me successful in my studies .
When you 're making a guided tour , you already have everything settled from the time you depart to the time you arrive .
On the other hand , although public transportation in Turkey is developing , especially in the two biggest cities—that is , Ankara and Istanbul—it is still nothing compared to Sweden 's .
This rebuts the reading passage 's claim that there is no improvement .
As they are involved in their studies , they do not get enough time to look after their community .
However , I strongly maintain that traveling on your own gives many advantages .
Everyone even asks themselves how this kind of thing didn ’ t cross their mind .
People tend to choose other media , and that is why literature is in danger .
I doubt that twenty years is too short a time to prove the problem .
So for these reasons , I really believe that it 's important to have broad knowledge of different subjects instead of being focused on just one , because sometimes the answer we are searching for can be easily found in a field that may seem unrelated to our purpose .
I am pleased to know intelligent people and learn about things that I do n't know .
To resolve this problem , the governments of the cities are likely to improve the public transportation system by building new subway systems and adding more bus lines .
I know lots of old people who go to parties and always stay in contact with other people .
But these things seem too hard for old people ; they move so slowly and don ’ t have healthy bodies to play these kinds of activities like sports .
For example , if you understand the idea that all diseases caused by microorganisms are treated with antibiotics , you will never use antidepressants .
I like that about it , but after that it gradually starts to get boring , and finally I lost interest in all the stuff .
From her salary , we ca n't buy a car because we are planning to finish our house in Binangonan , Rizal , and we are planning to finish my studies in Boston .
The use of information technology and advanced technology has increased significantly .
Even more relevant to the allure of advertising is the fact that quite frequently , the images of perfection placed before our eyes are merely mirages and illusions—bodies retouched by computer programs and thus bearing no resemblance to reality .
As the professor used the details and examples to strengthen the position of the reading passage , I would like , in the following paragraphs , to provide evidence to present the complete view .
In the advertisement he shows in the media , newspapers , magazines , and public spaces , he clearly states that the product is made with high-quality technology .
We have a lot of papers to write .
A person with broad knowledge will help him renovate .
The development of biomechanics has made this possible .
This inadequate amount of fuel forces us to use fewer cars .
One of these important elements is the internet .
You can only be successful by learning new things and trying them out , with an open and creative mind .
Firstly , the striped bass consumes large quantities of menhaden ; secondly , this fish is also a source of protein for farm animals , and the fishing industry provides work for some people in Virginia .
They established settlements in other domains .
The timeline about this danger , which I have already given in the above discussion , is so predictable that one can even calculate it if they have both the population and existing fuel count .
I think people should make their own travel decisions for several reasons .
Indeed , they threaten many freshwater fish species because they need to eat and find different kinds of food in the oceans .
For example , if the city says that 8 am to 9 am is the busiest time , then workers would argue that they drive a bit later .
Educators should provide opportunities for students to gain enough knowledge to survive in the real world .
For example , when I study for tests or do my homework , my grandparents can go out and do what they enjoy .
Traditional encyclopedias are written by trained experts for academic rigor that can not truly be achieved .
By the time everyone should be gathered in a certain place .
Else , twenty years down the line , every major city would end up as a pile of metal junk , with no room to move around .
And what are those risks ?
In contrast , the speaker casts doubt upon the conclusion .
In this movie , the father is handicapped .
For example , in this generation people watch movies and listen to music more than read books and novels .
In Malaysia , there are a lot of cars .
So they are free to do all sorts of things , even if they are considered dangerous or irresponsible , such as bungee jumping .
I think most people will like that in a busy world , but I don ’ t think it will happen in the next twenty years .
Everyone would expect to leave their own secret dreams , like being a painter , a writer ...
I answered the question and made a good impression on both the lecturer and my friends .
While , according to the listening passage , it seems fair for people to increase the tax price because they will be able to save money on other taxes they pay .
Homework will help you manage your time ; otherwise , you might use that time for other purposes .
I mean our home country because we can speak Japanese and use Japanese there .
New kinds of vehicles will be invented with more advanced technology than today 's .
This would have definitely required him to take out an immense amount of time from his work , and he stands as a perfect example to whom the youngsters of today relate .
They follow the path of the Sun from east to west .
It 's time to take a rest and look back at your present .
I thought it was kind of ridiculous , but we have to do as the tour guide said .
So , if Japan has had such common sense for a long time , even after twenty years , people will still aim to own a car and ride in it to show others that they are " rich . "
An example that would make this categorization problematic is an architect .
The upcoming generation will not ride a two-wheeler .
And the marketing team can make some adjustments regarding the changes .
This is supported by national and international policies , which attractively present the advantages of going abroad , gaining personal experiences in other countries and cultures , learning foreign languages while staying in a country where the language is spoken , and so on .
Even if we fail , we have to try to get new things .
He explained that the methane , which is derived , is a non-biological process .
I include in this group of people everyone who has achieved that success through their own work—people who work very hard and strive , for example , to develop new kinds of work or technologies , or someone who tries to do their work differently to reach the goal they want more easily .
Confidence comes naturally when perfection accompanies it .
Reasons are paying for them and teaching them more than other institutes .
I totally agree that today 's youth are not spending enough time helping their communities .
Nowadays , society is changing drastically .
And through textbooks , students are more engaged .
On the other hand , a chef who tries new tastes will be recognized and will gain a place in the cooking world .
Also , I think we will thank this animals to everything that they have done to us no matter what .
When I grew up , I began to understand that what he said was quite right .
The other one is a gambler , which means that people always try new things and take risks .
Last month , I needed to buy a digital camera .
The world oil price is very high right now .
The cause of the Tunguska explosion is an asteroid .
Once we know and learn the facts , it will be easier for us to understand the ideas and concepts .
They did not grasp the ideas or any concepts about what they were learning .
And in the end , if you take a risk and succeed , you will surely become a successful person with all the merits , and perhaps the awards , you deserve .
In my essay , I want to focus on how important it is for students to learn facts .
I naturally come to realize that I do n't really want to know .
Let 's say your interest lies in painting .
However , what makes a student excellent is both understanding the concept and learning the facts .
Teaching the students the ideas has many advantages :
Should I risk my two years ' savings for a trip to Spain or use my kids ' college fund to start up my business ?
So even the government is expecting an increase in the use of four-wheelers .
And you can have a chance to create your own person to help you .
He or she would not be able to discuss specific problems just because they do not know them .
For example , when I went to Bangkok , Thailand , a few years ago , I experienced being a stranger in downtown .
I have specific reasons for doing this .
Actually , it might not be true .
We still have to burn down forests to make land for farming , and the result is that birds will lose more of their habitat .
By the same token , people will learn many different intelligences by doing so many things , but they only learn their appeals , not gain any crucial information or wisdom from them .
On the other hand , if you specialize in one specific subject , such as physics , you will never be able to help him .
This is how we can enter the job market very early and prove that we are capable of doing the job in a better manner .
Judging a person 's contribution in terms of time would be specious .
New experiences for someone are the same as challenges , and challenges are movement , a reason for some people to continue living .
Our social will be a lovely event . If the drama can continue , I think we must learn more .
For example , when you read your school 's book for the first time , you will not understand anything , but when you read it a second time , you understand it .
This is the government rule that requires compulsory attendance at this seminar .
They might put it on the label , but they do n't say it in TV advertising .
For example , many scientists and engineers are studying cars that produce no more harsh sounds or smoke .
Without empirical experience , I think , learners tend to forget all the information they have learned throughout their learning process in the long term .
First , disking can be an alternative to prescribed burns .
By just knowing the culture of a different country where we are living but not born , we wo n't be able to live fully .
somebody who no give ans just take can not live within communities .
Court costs are very high , and many disputed tickets are seen .
What could be more effective than loads of people working towards the same aim ?
If we possess this quality , no one can beat us .
You typically have 30 minutes ; an effective response will contain a minimum that satisfies your cultural experience and fits your test .
But I only use this software to win a lot of prizes , some of which have an important influence in my country .
If the sharp can not catch your mind , how can they sell the products to customers ?
Cutting the dead trees is called salvage logging .
That 's why centralized attributes and business owners reduce their business 's responsiveness to the rise of factories .
Second birds navigate by landmarks like rivers , coastlines , and mountains .
A tour guide is generally a person who knows a great deal about the country , its most beautiful places , its most visited ones , and so on .
They have to contact various fields to find out what their interests are .
Unfortunately , in most countries , the functioning of public transport is not perfectly organised .
If you consider their consumption , fish have less fat and a lot of nutrients .
The public transportation in the city may not be able to cope with this huge flow of people .
Second , we learn many academic subjects , after which we specialize in one specific subject .
This does n't mean that because you take risks you are going to succeed .
One of the most important problems is accidents , for sure . Every day , millions of people die just because drivers are not being careful . As a matter of fact , I do believe there will be fewer cars in twenty years , but this will happen for just one reason : we will use something else .
The internet offers good opportunities for people who travel for work , for students , and for work .
Can you ever visualize the chaos our society would suffer if every individual considered themselves an expert in every given field ?
In this sense , I would introduce the concepts of two aspects with a detailed analysis , and then it will come to the conclusion .
In my case , my younger brother needs more than academic knowledge .
Due to this , I feel that specialized students have more opportunities in the future .
Moreover , before the oil and gas are gone , scientists will make new cars that go by electricity or by sunlight .
However , I firmly believe that students must learn a broad range of knowledge across many academic subjects .
I learned many kinds of subjects ; also , I could make different types of friends .
On top of that , even if we are willing to spend the time drafting the travel plan , we have no idea which travel sites are must-see .
They need to have a global vision before deciding what they like , and the way of obtaining it is simply by studying a broad syllabus .
In order to understand these , and more importantly , to link them together , that wisdom will duly serve him .
We can use it .
Some people can encounter people we have no idea about .
When my grandmother got old , she could not move her body easily .
As a tour guide , a person has to be familiar with the place they are touring .
Three other customers have not started using the product because they do n't have anything to hang it with .
In places where there are no trains , we can not avoid using cars .
You have to teach your child since he or she was little so they grow up well .
If students have to study history , for example , it is often enough to just learn the facts , but on the other hand , studying for physics or maths requires understanding the concepts .
For example , the subway in New York , bullet trains in Japan , underground trains in Singapore , and the skytrains in Bangkok travel at lightning speed .
First , young people have an active mind .
Obviously , the irreplaceable examination and fewer enemies can bring huge advances in fulfilling the definition of success .
Young people nowadays do n't give enough time to helping their communities .
The commercial was definitely more impressive than the product itself .
And one of them was my friend who had serious problems with her health .
To this day , I still remember what we studied in class that day .
I had a good life in my country but everything I got was from my parents .
But if a student only learns things without understanding the concepts , no company will give that person an opportunity because they won ’ t know the concepts related to their field , which will create problems in the future .
Third , the stone tower on the east coast was built in an unnatural way , and this tower is unusual in Europe , so it might have been made by non-Europeans .
Secondly , it is an unfair action because it will affect low-income Americans .
The factories are releasing sulfur dioxide into the air every year .
Its result is that people become more mature , strong , and calm when facing life 's problems , because they understand that problems pass and it depends on the manner in which everyone confronts them .
For example , work on a project .
This space must change garden .
However , there are people who think that when someone turns forty or is older .
It is worth noting that not everybody will succeed when taking a risk , but that is not enough to deter anyone who wishes to take one .
Apparently , I have a Japanese friend in Japan ; his name is Tomo .
When they do some work , they think they have to finish it on time .
As the gasoline tax rises , it will encourage vehicle companies to make more cars to sell to people .
Ignorance of striped bass will reduce our earnings , and it also has some astonishing effects on our health .
Perhaps they have some disadvantages in terms of humanity .
In the lecture , it has been proven that the zebra mussel is not really a serious threat .
The sentence is already correct .
I expect humans can make new materials to replace gas , but it is very difficult .
Understanding the ideas and motives behind the war is more important because they may allow one to draw conclusions and could change something within the student .
Everything is possible that we ca n't imagine .
Although there are some rules to protect young people , such as age restrictions in movies and warnings about the negative aspects of programs before they air , these are mainly for little kids , not young people like high school or university students .
However , the fact that they do not most of the time reflect the actual quality of a product decreases the reliability of the advertisements .
We seem to have a lot of problems with those even if we have better materials than in the past .
We can be fatalistic and say that with the development of the third world , the problem will worsen .
These things can make us more successful in life ; even though we are that successful , we must continue our work , and we should take our chances to greater heights .
For the Greek philosophers Plato and Aristotle , the capacity to understand ideas and concepts , intelligence as the main ability of the human soul , is the part of ourselves that makes us the beings we actually are .
In conclusion , understanding the concepts is more important than learning the facts , because it 's the ultimate goal of learning the facts .
Young people basically enjoy their lives more than older people do .
First , the ships not only helped them spread but also killed them .
They might be bored with reading a complex passage .
But is it possible to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects without being specialized in one particular topic ?
She decided to work in a nursing home because she wanted to provide care for elderly people .
This demonstrates the undeniable fact that it is beneficial to have different experiences .
Therefore , they will become deeper thinkers and it will be good for their future , so teachers should be required to take courses every five years .
In my case , I work more than 200 hours a month to earn the money required to pay back the bank ( I borrowed some money to buy my house ) .
Because students must do homework .
It makes a good partner .
As a result , she could get a job that she badly wanted but didn ’ t expect because many people were flocking to this company .
Maybe in twenty years , for ecological reasons , there will be fewer cars in use than there are today—not for citizens who must go to the office every day .
At this stage , young people require the experience of older individuals to combat this depression .
In fact , this device was different from its competitors ' products .
We also do not have to care about other people , which means we have privacy and can talk loudly or even sing .
But I found out that the quality of the bat was very bad .
Some people only run to work or use the underground , but if you have your car , you can use it to go to work here .
The government is raising the tax on gasoline .
The professor also says that soybeans should be used as fodder for the fish .
He was already successful in his field of live electrical equipment , but he then began to dominate the new field of electronics technology and succeeded .
A good company hires good buzzers ; these buzzers do not lie to consumers but use their words to let consumers know the goods are real . They do not falsely praise the goods .
Travelling in a group , especially with a tour guide , helps us make our trip more productive .
On the other hand , the reading passage states that using chemicals is clearly not a good idea because they can cause parasitic infections in the human body .
When they went down to the forest , they produced fire .
So both the lecture and the reading think that other archaeological monuments in the area are from the Kingdom period .
If I have one suggestion .
To be sure , we Japanese take part in destroying the environment because we consume the most wood .
So I asked my student how he felt about my lesson and tried to find out where the problem was .
That means if I have a broad knowledge of politics , then I 'm aware of where to speak and what to say .
He also teaches factual concepts to the students .
That was a very beautiful dream I had at that time .
After majoring in any field of study , a student can not adjust immediately to the practical world .
By contrast , the lecture claims that the quality of discussion is the most important factor instead of the number of discussions .
The concepts of a subject give us the background of the main streams of a subject we are going to learn and study .
I will outline my arguments in favor of this statement in the paragraphs below .
this example proves that knowing the fact is less important than knowing the concepts related to it .
Einstein 's seminal theory of relativity is proven by facts .
While I was there , someone tried to steal my bag and passport .
Second , the roads can not be damaged because raising the tax will result in much fewer cars .
Second , the scroll lists contain a huge amount of gold , like 35 kilograms , so its price will be much higher .
I do n't have a car , but I 'm dreaming of it .
For the rest of the period , the way they work could be different .
This will definitely cause some problems .
Nowadays each family member owns a car .
When you can understand ideas and concepts and , with this ability , grasp structures of thinking , it can help you greatly .
In America , a lot of families have more than one car , and furthermore , some of them have three or four .
Thus I see more people opting for their own cars in the near future .
People who do not give enough time to helping their communities should correct this .
Otherwise , they may feel inadequate one day if they further their studies .
Most of us will understand better when the ideas and concepts of the war are shown , and we can get very excited about it .
What should I do ?
I could not devote much time to any sport , so I could n't become a great sportsman .
For example , I know that smoking is bad .
This degree would enable me to branch out and explore other fields that involve some basic engineering .
When someone engages in legal behavior , it must be justified by law .
Therefore , I am going to discuss this question through my experiences .
Lastly , for economic reasons , it is not beneficial because the cost of the equipment and staff required to control fires is very high .
then there 's a chance to shift him to other parts of cricket .
First of all , he argued that Americans will not ignore the " eco-certified " as there are so many advertisements now .
The reasons and examples below will support my opinion in this essay .
But factually , secondly , it needs to be experienced .
A student who chooses to study at a university must become well acquainted with different methods of expanding current ideas and concepts .
The French Revolution happened in the modern era in Europe for those reasons .
It is therefore important for respective governments and international bodies to try to reduce the negative consequences of this trend .
It mentions the cane toad , which threatens many local species in Australia .
This will help to create brotherhood relationships .
By trial and error I succeeded , which gave me a very good feeling about myself .
As we know , since fish is consumed as a meal , fish farming is harmful to human beings .
Although understanding the concepts is important , sometimes facts are the only way for them to learn .
And the president of companies like Toyota or Ford succeeded because they knew how to start their company and make smart decisions .
Instead , they would help with the housework or farming .
But the lecturer shows a different angle of the system ...
People will buy more cars and take advantage of this transportation mode in the days ahead .
And we can save much time . Secondly , the tour guide will introduce the spots of Enqi culture , then we can enjoy the delightful trip , not only passing through there but also staying for a while .
Understanding how they work would give students a better lesson .
Second , Menzies points out that Chinese ships in the 1400s used very distinctive anchors that were round stones with a hole in the middle .
Young people can work easily and search for any information in a few minutes .
It can certainly be the case .
In a group trip , we are forced to follow the group time schedules .
Using my own car would probably have made this much more difficult and stressful , if not impossible .
Help others and let us all live in a comfortable home .
There may be global warming due to a lack of cooling .
So , their parents will buy it for them .
They are busy in themselves , they do n't spend time to help the society they live in .
And it seems like that notion will be even strengthened by the emergence of new Chinese producers who are even cheaper .
I can remember that in a lecture I attended .
Their third reason is that it gives us the chance to make our brain work and think about how this happened .
Television makers have just hung academic titles on their programs .
Even though everything , where there is life , there is hope .
They have a special diet .
This is clearly seen in the way many young people organize the collection of funds or books to help others receive a proper education , and also in the way many students go to schools for the blind to read books aloud to them and help them .
They think that what the celebrities say in the advertisements is true .
As a result , young people feel less of a sense of competition for a place in universities .
However , Bill Gates made people 's lives more comfortable than previous circumstances .
Also , by paying more attention to understanding ideas and concepts , students will not only comprehend the facts they are given but also acquire the skill of understanding , which can be applied in all areas around them .
If a person only knows the facts , they would never think about the possibilities .
Though old people can indeed enjoy some light sports , I think these are not as interesting as more intense sports or activities .
They do not want to regret their lives on earth .
It is better to have a very good understanding and knowledge of many academic subjects because it makes you broad-minded and gives you chances and opportunities to work in different fields and environments .
For instance , Yang Zhenning , a famous scientist with great achievements and renown , has a high proficiency in literature while specializing in physics research .
It is said that zebra mussels from the bottoms of ships moved to freshwater and devastated nature .
This implies that there can be instances where no such overstating takes place at all .
In my opinion , there are several reasons why this is true .
And the availability of jobs for candidates with specific knowledge is less when compared to all-round performers .
Because when you understand the whole idea , you can imagine how the theory works .
It is not worth jumping in the pool without knowing how to swim since you may not be able to breathe again .
The person who takes many subjects stands a better chance of getting a job .
So to solve that kind of problem , they will have to use their understanding .
Another thing is that adverts always show and indicate prices on commodities , allowing consumers to budget well in order to buy them .
However , successful people who achieve great accomplishments do not escape or give up easily in the face of things regarded as impossible among others .
In other words , cars would not be useful in the future because of these types of transportation being developed and invented .
They come together for a LAN party with the neighbors ' kids .
The lecture also mentioned that the stone placed between the Sphinx 's front paws was not placed there during the time of the Old Kingdom 's king , Khafre .
but some young people do not contribute to helping their community .
I give some of my time to helping other people because I think it 's very important .
For example , here is one student who knows facts but does not know how to~ ?
They can travel more freely than older people can .
The first reason is that global warming was not connected to the Anasazi 's disappearance .
We simply need to eat , buy clothes , raise a family , and make a living .
This happens more when one is watching a movie with the family .
Among the many required skills is knowledge of more than two languages .
However , it is rare to find elderly people in pubs or gyms in China .
Personally , I doubt that there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years than there are today , based on my observations of falling vehicle prices , an increasing population , and a stagnating rate of technological advance in the field of terrestrial transportation .
Finally , zebra mussels are likely to cause a decline in the overall fish population in habitats where they dominate .
I agree with the concept of taking the risk and going for the new field .
The size of the written treasure is too large .
It is very strange why the people were able to live without enough water for 50 years and then moved because they didn ’ t have enough water .
If they 're really interested in these courses , it 's all right .
Therefore , it is possible to believe that the explosion of Tunguska was the explosion of an asteroid .
In the passage , it is said that only endothermic animals can maintain their body temperature in such cold climates .
Thinking of their old age , young people are trying to make a better society for everybody .
If someone does n't know , eating is very important for the growth of bones and the brain or , in general , for the body—it is a fact—but the idea that eating is just useful is incorrect .
Advertising can be used badly not only by corporations but also by governments , as for example the Nazi regime .
He 's the one who can give the different specialties the opportunity to shine .
But generally , moments of happiness in life can not really be compared because they are different .
Such people impressed others through their strong will and devotion to duty .
Besides , smoke emitted from cars and the noise coming from car engines damage the environment and the health of people .
The main reasons are as follows .
It has come to be one of the effective measures manufacturers use in selling their products .
However , when I went to Canada by myself , I did many things that I wanted to do , so it was very exciting .
It is not an easy task for older people to see younger people spending their time on what they consider useless things .
Sometimes their teachers teach only the facts , which are easier to memorize .
For example , if you visit the ruins in Rome without a tour guide , you wo n't realize the importance and history behind them .
So they have to pay more attention to their health rather than enjoying the arts .
Why do we like this ?
However , she was wrong .
Working hard means running the company .
If your answer is yes , that 's good .
For example , if the old person does not hear properly , then young ones , right from the day of their childhood , think of inventing something that can help older people hear better .
Right from the age of 5-6 , children are busy with their curriculum .
However , I firmly believe that traveling with a guide is quite beneficial because of its possibility to visit many places in a short time and its safety .
I have studied for just the exam , always studying .
We will feel confused and we wo n't see matters clearly .
Thus , I think when we understand ideas and concepts , we will leave behind the main effects and influences because they combine with our opinions and beliefs .
Is it merely about understanding the idea behind that concept ?
By exercising , students can learn how to proceed correctly , and by making wrong operations , they will be able to understand the concepts and avoid repeating the same errors or mistakes in the future .
Adults send their children to school to attend these different kinds of classes .
What is the world , and what are we supposed to do here ?
This period is not enough to evaluate the student .
Secondly , the Earth 's ground had heat .
Therefore , they could not get information about their needs as they can now ; we can find out what we want and get a lot of information about our interests .
That is not what merit-based pay is really about .
The Anglo-Saxon version of Christianity became popular in northern Europe , and even now many people believe in its doctrines .
Before selecting a product , everyone should carefully read all the information available about it .
The inability to do the things they desire makes older people unhappy .
The speaker argues that it results from the difficulties of today 's literature .
However , I want to go to the U.S.A. so that I can study and live in my dream country . I want to have my family so that I am never alone .
I do not know American teachers well , but some Japanese teachers just state facts during class hours .
Because of this , I prefer studying concepts and ideas more than learning facts .
A product needs advertising to become known in an area and attract its population so everyone will want a piece of it .
Most scientists say these bass play a much more significant role in the decline of the menhaden population .
When someone has more than one academic subject , it would be more amazing , interesting , positive , great , and helpful .
Therefore , I think there will be more cars than today .
Because we are watching a movie to earn something .
But now everything has changed ; life has become more difficult .
They should understand what the ideas and concepts they study mean in practice , how they can be used , and how they have already been used .
Some products are expensive because they are branded , while others are cheaper because they are not branded . However , if you look at the quality , it 's almost the same as the expensive ones .
The sentence is already correct .
He knows how to draw a line of difference between gambling and taking risks .
So , we must cooperate well with others after solving today 's problem .
It may tell us how large the world is .
A prohibition would n't solve the real problem .
Though preferences might differ for a young person and an older person to fully enjoy their lives .
In the younger generation , one can find more joy externally by chasing their dreams , while in elderly people , it can be internal .
It has some problems that can affect humans .
Sure , both arguments will probably reduce the number of cars , but the strongest argument speaks for itself : China .
It mentions that now , it has reached some parts of North America .
And I expect that if we lose quantities of cars , we will protect our lives , our environment , and we will not depend on gas resources .
I claim that they are not yet able to feel the same feeling of satisfaction that an old man , seeing his grandchildren playing , has .
Hence , since I did not have to wake up too early this morning , I took the underground and the train , then the underground in Rome .
Edison , who invented the bulb , is an obvious example .
Many people think that treasure never existed , but in reality it exists .
Perhaps I can not enjoy life in its true meaning , and I am tired .
This does not imply that either person is not enjoying life or is enjoying it to a different degree .
Even if they use buses , which are large vehicles , the fact that people take the bus still reduces the number of cars .
Our group decided to open Waseda Café .
Nowadays , so many people study the way that makes advertisements increase sales that our behavior is influenced by what we hear or see on television .
However , I also feel good about this because it shows the huge leap we could make in twenty years , not just small steps .
She also uses this to challenge the reading passage .
In this way , a person always feels original and " modern , " not " ancient " like the people surrounding them .
I need to understand what carbohydrates , proteins , vitamins , and minerals are and how they are processed in our body to produce ATP .
And none of the tourists will come , and Yellowstone will not be popular , and , of course , local businesses that depended on park visitors suffered as a result .
When we go to their home , they seem to be happy .
But if all you want is to stay at home and live on your own , perhaps it is not that important for you .
Our country has been criticized for its one-way teaching .
It is also possible that travelers could reschedule the plan and the destinations .
It is not much less frequent , though , and it still fulfills the needs we have for it today .
As a conclusion , you are not totally attracted by the product , but by the lifestyle that this product will give you .
Though I 'm from Fukuoka , I now live in Yokohama to attend Yokohama City University .
Over the past twenty years , they have also been able to provide us with better cars—transportation tools that consume fewer resources—and offer us far more convenient options for travel .
A breakthrough event or product is necessary to succeed .
Lots of people use bicycles to go places .
Second , old houses can stand in the way of the development of communities .
What we need to consider is that oil is not used only for cars but also for other materials .
This new product is flooding the market due to its popularity .
Fresh water will be carried by the ship that travels from Europe to the east coast of North America , and therefore the mussel will spread throughout Europe .
I do not agree that initiative-taking people will take more risks than those who do not .
Graham Bell worked a lot and took risks to invent the telephone apart from his electrical knowledge .
For example , during the traffic jam , the transit ca n't accommodate such a large number of people , so how would the clerks ?
They can help me with languages , introduce specific beautiful places , tell me about the special food in that country , and explain its culture .
And the new generation prefers using public transport , which is why they think that in twenty years fewer cars will be used .
Travelling by yourself is very good for your future .
But if I were trying to do all the sightseeing without a tour guide , that would be very difficult and dangerous .
When we talk about the so-called value of a product , we envision a scenario where dozens of products are available on supermarket shelves and , when you switch on a television , there is an endless stream of commercials , each claiming exciting new features about the advertised products .
In addition , it uses the North Star to migrate directly to the north .
Sometimes , even a personality , like a famous actor , becomes this trustworthy voice .
For example , the hamburgers in commercials and menus look much juicier , neater , and fresher than the ones you buy .
These days , all the upcoming graduates are just mugging up the subjects ; mostly , 70 % of the subject matter is just learned by rote .
For me , there are very few friends or classmates who would be better as a friend .
All facts are mere deceptions .
We still do n't know whether aliens exist in our solar system or not .
If I travel in a group with a tour guide , my time will be limited .
Attendance does not mean that teenagers are fully participating in class .
Trust me , God will bless the young people .
In studying the processes underlying biochemical pathways , knowledge of biochemistry is required , as it is an integration of biology and chemistry .
Thanks to a new and " out of the box " way of thinking , this is what made our civilizations what they are now .
When talked to about employment , the company should not know .
At this moment , business has become online business .
Traveling is very important for people to learn about the world , and in a group it could be even better .
It contributes to air pollution and rising temperatures .
For instance , birds do not usually try to remember the subjects they have passed by , such as a stone , a building , or even a small house .
That 's true !
For example , you had to employ a supervisor to manage the factory , and the operating bill is much higher than the transportation costs .
Because it was creative and innovative .
So it means there is no certain way to explain how migrating birds find their way home .
Their lives are a repetition of studying and learning .
However , the problem is that if we use prescribed burning as a tool , it requires a lot of money—10 times more than the normal way .
But there are several reasons that drew me to this conclusion .
they usually forget where the book is .
Who can say no to a business that can make your life safer ?
For example , I prefer to specialize in public relations , which helps me in my personal life , such as how to deal with authoritative people .
Now let me tell you about my father 's daily activities and compare them with mine .
Although the professor in the listening passage explains that the solution is acceptable because the striped bass population is vital not only for menhaden but also for the entire ecological system based on it .
The fact is that it will rain when the specific conditions are met .
That is not true , either .
First is how to release the drugs as quickly as possible in order to sell them faster and make more money faster , but the government requires a certain amount of testing to be done before the drug is released , so it reduces the date of the drug 's release .
Maybe one day there will be a tool that can take us anywhere we want in just a few seconds .
The car industry seems to face too many hurdles in its growth recently .
It depends on the different body nature .
It 's a slow process , but after the process they can use Yerkish signs and start to understand what people—trainers , researchers—are saying .
If we plant some species that are much hardier than other plants .
Because it rains more and the plants grow well , the Pueblo can make full use of it .
Additionally , popular movie stars or famous people in advertisements attract people .
The first is our living condition .
For example , if successful people did n't try new things , how could people have invented airplanes , cars , computers , etc . ?
Let us think of music as a metaphor for all the areas of knowledge , and the different instruments as metaphors for all the separate disciplines .
The more I study , the more satisfied I feel .
Billions of people use it every day .
I went to Wegmans to buy a watch because I thought it would be nice to have one .
Major improvements should be made in public transportation to get people to give up their vehicles .
First , it is hard for young people to find time to help their community .
Many people have many reasons , like seeing other countries or having different experiences , but their purposes have something in common .
We always joke around or do something stupid .
So , cars have a positive impact on the economy , and I do n't think the government will try to impose restrictions on them .
Gone are the days when only the rich could afford it .
Even if we don ’ t have one ourselves , other people use them to make our lives easier—whether it ’ s a transporter bringing food to the supermarket or the car that takes us to the hospital in case of a severe accident .
People like these often get bored listening to the tour guide 's lectures that sometimes resemble a monologue learned by heart for a class .
This does n't destroy our culture because our culture has changed .
Our current way of living is highly energy-intensive .
In my opinion , if a friend stays in the world , then that friend can help with everything .
Last but not least , zebra mussels are likely to cause a decline in the overall fish population in habitats where they become dominant .
Scientists are worried that someday these fossil fuels may be finished and there will be no more .
So , it is important for students .
I had been struggling with how to complete hard assignments , study , improve my grades , and develop learning strategies .
Because in competition , man wants everything to be better than his competitor .
The understood ideas and concepts help students learn information about many subjects and receive a good education from the information they have .
Therefore , we believe that taking care of society 's mental health should come first .
The basic requirements of today 's man have changed .
One can have a lot of fun or enjoyment on the trip if guided by someone who knows the area .
But the only reason is that they never give up .
The only possible answer I can come up with is that success is understood as the ability to invent new ideas and to put into practice novel theories or strategies .
Anyone has fears and feels scared to take on a new challenge .
The population explosion is another factor catalyzing the consumption of energy resources .
Why should I do that ?
It can certainly help us improve to another stage .
but after a while they found out it 's not true .
Although people have great brain capacity to gain and learn knowledge , it is easy to acquire general knowledge about everything .
But what about the stress they have to undergo , the stress related not only to their position in life but also the fight they endure for their ambition .
In the case of vehicles like motorcycles , the number of persons is limited to 2 , and similarly , there are limits to the number of persons that can be accommodated in the vehicle .
The risk is one of these opportunities .
As I see it , there will be a lot of research done in the future to find such alternative energies , which will also be environmentally friendly , as well as cheaper .
Speed cameras can be placed in many locations along a highway .
Therefore , I can enjoy the trip more without it .
He is a specialist in computer programming , but he does not know about other fields .
But the experience of painting gives me many new abilities in filmmaking .
Because I have broad knowledge .
People try to drink it .
If everyone in the city uses their own cars , the city will be seriously polluted by the smoke .
Do n't be afraid to try something new !
It is better to give them strong medicines than to kill them .
Fortunately , their topic becomes clearer by using this many concepts provided by the books .
A person can not be successful if they act the same as regular people .
They will have a tremendous problem trying to keep their car in a safe place .
Secondly , they have the confidence that the new way will be another way to improve a mechanism .
They have a limit to the way that has meaning and functions like a word .
Also save your time and make you satisfied with this journal .
Moreover , the decisions of others could be wrong .
To do so , companies must present their products in a better light than they really are ; otherwise , the company 's future , including that of the employees , might be at risk .
They are the bony and vital part of the society .
Youngsters , being healthy , have fewer things to worry about .
She believes people can increase their cultural awareness by listening to good pieces of music or watching valuable movies as well .
The most important thing you can do is not tell him like a baby .
To find new concepts and use them in their future jobs .
I think the biggest reason is the devised environment compared to the past .
If older people are more accepting of changes , their lives will become better .
There are very distant ancestors who moved the treasure from Egypt to the Dead Sea .
That means just learning facts is not going to leave a temporary impression on students .
Although I often feel hurt during this time when thinking about some questions .
My personal perception is that such behaviour is damaging to a young person 's personality , since it promotes uniformity and conformity rather than creativity and innovation .
Facts help us to know the utility or advantages of the newly formed product .
The other is about the extreme lengths taken to conserve water .
It 's important for everyone to have faith in themselves and always look forward without staying in one place .
The first theory is that birds navigate by reference to celestial objects such as the sun and stars .
Every house nowadays has a computer , mobile , etc . This is what today 's man wants to live with .
You could be a very successful scholar of the language but still be unable to speak it at all .
These are enjoyable tasks that set your mind to look forward to various experiences .
Those problems do not exist for an online encyclopedia , which can be accessed by anyone with an internet connection .
Second , if the park has fires , animals in the park wo n't survive .
I think shrinking market conditions are forcing car companies to fight harder to survive .
Then this phenomenon reminds them that it is time to refer to other subjects .
He could then strive to get practical experience in that field , as theory is lame without practice .
While studying at university , people may still not know which subject they should specialize in .
These activities are only for the future amusement of them .
I have great influence over my life .
After all , we are the Internet generation .
It 's expensive .
Is it really possible ?
That is bravery and being interested in all things .
I will describe those two main issues : meeting the needs of modern society and being eligible candidates for some companies .
When Bill Gates was a young man , he attended Harvard University and was respected by others for merely attending Harvard .
Because of fast-paced societies , we ca n't imagine how the world would change .
Otherwise , we are sick and tired of living in this world .
Take , for example , the city of Bangalore in India .
These surveys also demonstrate how much young men and women are not aware of the improvements they could achieve if they were able to truly establish an effective relationship with their communities .
And in contradiction to this , the professor said that the disease study is not designed very well .
Therefore , many psychological tricks are used to make a product seem more attractive than it actually is .
Maintaining old buildings costs a lot of money .
These factors can only contribute to an increase in the number of cars .
We do not need to look for a parking space .
Sometimes , it is very comfortable , but it 's not important to me .
Internet encyclopedias can contribute new articles or make editorial changes .
It happens very often that many companies are involved in making the same product , which means competition .
Why is n't there one that was left around Tunguska ?
Have you ever thought about this ?
Because they are young , students ...
This is in contrast to the point in the reading that advertising does not have any effect on American people because they are bombarded by different sources .
If they teach them , they will never forget it , and it is beneficial for our country .
I can not imagine that over the next 20 years anything could hinder an American from using their car to drive down to the post office , which is only three blocks away .
For instance , when I was in elementary school , I learned mathematics formulas without understanding the concepts .
When you look at the Honda Civic 's advertising , it looks as fancy as a Mercedes .
That 's the way it is .
That would be a frequently asked question , so to answer it we should be aware of the facts .
However far we try to look , gas has become a very expensive item that will become even more expensive .
Clearly , you must show your skills by speaking .
It is more important for them to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
Rather than keeping his investment within the confines of the oil business , where he is the master , he went ahead with his new plan .
They complement each other .
Therefore , if someone comes up with a breakthrough or innovative idea , they will be the first to capitalize on it .
Students may not understand facts very well until they understand the idea and concept that is related to the fact .
They wander the streets wearing all kinds of clothes .
However , almost all of our tour guides would go there with my group members and me .
But that does not happen .
In history , for example , it is helpful to understand what event causes another and why ; in this way , it is easier to learn that the first occurs before the second , making it easier to learn dates .
The fact is that making the nails ourselves would probably cost us more than buying them .
My children are not going to school or college and are coming to the movies .
In the age of technology and evolution , people 's minds have arrived at a solution : they must reduce the number of water carriers or waterway ships traveling between North America and Eastern Europe , or build more canals and ship ports to decrease the load on ships and transport fewer zebra mussels .
It can be a good opportunity to make time for themselves to do anything .
However , she also said that some kinds of birds are shrinking .
Yet I am sure there are a number of examples of people who have achieved success that would prove the statement wrong .
This is obvious from the fact that when the mind is not clear and free , a person can not fully engage in any activity .
However , I have a different way of thinking about the quote .
First , young people face many problems .
This is an effective solution to stop advancing fires .
This always challenges consumers to buy a particular commodity in order to satisfy their needs and wants in modern times .
For example , it will be easier for people to concentrate on a subject such as geology , having a broad knowledge of many academic fields , than to try to concentrate on geology after having studied literature .
After an official training course , we helped the patients bathe , talked with the elderly people who lived alone , and helped the organization hold activities during special occasions like Mother 's Day .
You can buy a vanilla cake in a fine store and another vanilla cake in the regular store .
Some guides are not sure about the information .
They share their views and ideas in a group .
Hope is the main key to finding new tasks .
This is because the choice can appear to students as a common part .
Developing communities want to build more modern buildings .
I strongly believe that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today because of the damage decrease and technology replacement .
Most important , however , zebra mussels often have no predators in their new habitats , and species without natural predators are likely to dominate their habitats .
It is possible that , as with the energy problem , people 's lifestyles will change .
For example , when I was in school , my Geography book presented Pluto as the last planet , but recent studies state that Pluto is not a planet at all because of some different characteristics .
But that does n't mean I do n't respect and admire the others .
For example , in Korea , teachers teach something and students learn what teachers are saying without discussing with them during class .
They do not need to know what facts about that cake are .
First , we can protect our environment by saving oil and gas .
To have broad knowledge of many academic subjects , we can explore more interesting fields and it becomes easier to understand them .
And I completely disagree with what the author wants to say .
I feel that it can be part of life .
But on the other hand , we risk poisoning this product , because farmers often feed their fish growth-inducing chemicals .
Think about it . If you are 50 to 60 years old , you always think about your health .
I advise all people to always keep smiling and have fun in this wonderful life God gave us .
Everybody knows one another .
Another reason to join a big company is job security .
Indeed , on the one hand , there are obvious signs that cars are doomed to be bought by people less and less .
Although we do n't have good grades , we have talent for other things .
The people attending this lecture will mostly be specialists in the subject .
To keep the products more valuable , companies sometimes use strategies to maintain their clientele 's enthusiasm .
Also , the second argument seems a bit out of context , as new technologies may hardly reduce the number of cars used .
But it depends on the level at which we gain this knowledge .
As the professor said , pressure in water is another reason for explosions .
For example , banks have many very specialized departments .
Everybody would ultimately benefit from their experience : people in general and those who want to learn from them .
Boys and girls easily believe them .
At this time , my opinion is that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
How can we get more information is the important thing .
This is merely an opinion based on current , albeit established , facts .
They do n't have to read specific books and articles just because they love the topic .
It is not bad if you know it ; it means that your intelligence is high , but a doctor has to be absolutely good at saving and helping sick people .
If , however , the student includes only concepts and his , her , or someone else 's ideas or concepts—which may be mistaken—the professor will question whether the student actually did what was asked in the assignment .
We can just hope that those cars will have a new motor generation which pollutes less .
While I was watching TV , the radio ...
After he graduated from university , thanks to his software skills , he could get a job easily and became the best in his field .
Everybody deserves to enjoy life .
It would increase in price after a few years , and its owner would have an overpriced item and would be a successful man .
but the professor refutes the idea by illustrating some tested results from research conducted by oil companies not taken around the world .
Those who were open enough to try it risked spending too much money by choosing the first and only tariff , which was higher than other suppliers ' , but they were connected to the world .
The old teaching system is a fair system because it evaluates teachers based on education , teaching skills , and , most importantly , teaching experience .
In an emergency , they could be of great help if they are aware of child health problems and their treatments .
The problem is that when we and our competitors have more or less the same resources and the same strategy , both would survive , but the chance of one 's victory is not ensured .
It is dangerous for plants and crops and makes rivers too acidic for fish and other animals to live in .
It is strongly related to our daily life .
With this population outburst , more cars will have to be present to meet the needs of the people .
It was stated in the passage that humans are endotherms and maintain an internal body temperature of up to 37 degrees , the same as dinosaurs , which maintained body temperatures of up to 37 degrees or higher .
If there were no concerned adults who had to care for the feeding , care , and well-being of those children , humanity as we know it would not exist .
As people say , " Luck follows those who are brave , " and to destroy your everyday routine , you must be brave enough—but that will probably bring you success .
In my opinion , I agree with the statement that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
there are two crucial facts : no particles from the asteroid explosion , the area of the asteroid , and the majority of the explosion .
Young people adapt to new technologies more easily than old people .
The sentence is already correct . It would be similar to adding a few drops of water to the ocean .
Usually , success is connected with some achievement .
If the explorers had n't taken risks , we would n't have discovered the new continent .
The second point is about the evidence . According to the passage , the evidence that associates the Sphinx with a known Old Kingdom king and identifies the Sphinx as honoring Khafre is mentioned , but the lecture states that this evidence is not strong enough to accept the point . It is also not strong enough to confirm the association with the Old Kingdom king , Khafre , and the stone plaque between the Sphinx ’ s front paws that carries and identifies Khafre .
First of all , you will know a lot of things about this subject because you do not have anything else to do .
During the Mao regime , cars were accessible only to politicians or privileged party members .
They say they have their reasons .
They are very young and do not have jobs , so they can not finish their studies .
However , people who did not join the event seem like winners because they forgot about it early .
Secondly , critics argue that many cases of placebo-induced improvement occur only at a psychological level .
Second , he says that strong property rights developed from the factory system and not vice versa .
Buses , subways , and even planes are means of transportation that can be used in many areas .
For example , in a science subject , it is necessary that the students understand the material ; otherwise , they ca n't follow the teacher .
Many people watch advertisements .
But at that time , people who had knowledge in various fields were able to find jobs in the surviving fields .
Nothing in literature has been declined .
They do not have to go to work every day ; instead , they may go see a football game in another city .
Also , it is more comfortable to move .
You can not imagine any government giving up so many jobs to unemployment .
Coming to atmosphere and nature , both are the same .
I wish I could travel somewhere where I could take as many pictures as I want .
For example , if my friends are talking about their problems with computer issues , I will give them advice on how to solve the problem , or just listening to and understanding them will also help them feel more comfortable in our meeting .
For example , famous businessmen travel around the world every day !
The knowledge we possess will enhance our ability to compete in the future .
There are many car companies , and every year they produce at least six , seven , eight , or more new cars .
If any problem occurs in old age , it is very difficult for them .
I think that talking with a person who has a different mother tongue compared to me is the best way to learn a new culture and language ; however , there are n't many chances to meet them .
This fast-paced economic growth , which can also be observed in a large number of developing nations , has brought about an increase in per capita income and improved lifestyles for individuals .
In modern life , it 's all about money and what you earn , but that is n't the only measure of success .
In cases like that , BMW uses advertisements to show people what the product is really like .
When Google was founded , other Internet search engines already existed .
I want broad knowledge of many academic fields .
We had a lot of conversations concerning the future of this sector , but never detected signs or future plans for the sector that would imply a decline in the number of cars .
He has visited many countries around the world .
Growing old is n't just about age .
The sentence is already correct .
Perhaps when the economy is bad , such people can find new jobs quickly , but the jobs may not be the best they can do .
The important thing about this case is that each country has to use an official solution for its learning problems .
For example , a researcher who wants to be successful must take risks .
The legs of all modern endotherms are underneath their bodies .
So if they do n't update themselves with recent studies , what will they teach their students ?
Second , the high cost of drug testing ultimately leads to the unit drug cost being higher than producing it .
However , the lecturer says that the vague location was described because the ancient people wanted to keep the location of the treasure secret .
However , the importance of knowledge of facts can not be underestimated .
But , on the contrary , he argues that fluoride also has some disadvantages .
For these reasons , I disagree with the idea that young people have more fun than old people .
He mentions that chemicals used for curing diseased fish harvested in farms could endanger wild species .
For example , I like to go to a big city like New York .
When we were born , our parents taught us how to speak . After we grew up , they sent us to school to learn how to write . Sometimes you have to learn vocabulary from writing , then you can use more words in your speech .
Would you give it to another person to solve ?
Everyone knows that sports can improve our bodies , but we need to try it ourselves to understand . Yes , sports really can help us achieve a healthy body .
Thus , we can easily remember this formula without spending extra energy and time , and it is still useful to me .
However , I think what students like is more important .
They are simply manipulated by the idea of top products like best sellers , brands , luxury items , and briefly think about their own safety .
First , he shows that in some cases , a placebo made the patient believe he was going to get cured , which caused him to produce more killer cells , curing him .
You might be in one , two , or three academic fields , you get it because everything you know can be used together to create something better .
And this might probably mean that our knowledge is limited .
This refutes the reading passage 's explanation that prescribed burns might cause fire spreading , making coordination difficult .
Now they can afford the lawsuit against the music industries that sued them for about $ 100 million for creating P2P software to infringe on their intellectual property .
Thus , after you return to the city , you may become brothers .
It 's not incorrect to say that the world is losing some great support systems to which young people can greatly contribute .
Because we need food .
When there is a need to do something , young people do not think .
He will be mature enough to make wise decisions in expanding his business and trying out new things .
The ecological balance should be maintained for the entire area .
Early signs are already visible .
This is probably because we are all generally pampered from the time we are born until well into our adolescence .
The listening part gives us information about Vulcan , which was found on Mars , and also that a bacteria was found there , but no one can indicate what kind of bacteria it was .
In Korea , we use a day-off system for private vehicles .
The person takes the bike , goes where he wishes , and leaves the car at his nearest bus station .
I can imagine both points of view ; as far as I am concerned , I believe cars will not become more prevalent in the future .
Learning how to play the piano or dance ballet may have been a privilege in the past , but that is no longer the case .
For example , the school has a regulation that there will be punishment for those who enter the class late .
Accordingly , most students have learned many subjects in school .
But there are still many people who have not succeeded yet .
Second , he can not accept the use of lie detector results as evidence in court .
The sentence is already correct .
It is true .
And I 'm going to another country .
Imagine we could have trees in our garden that produce cherries and apples .
I graduate from university .
On the other hand , in the lecture , the absence of a crater in Tunguska suggests an atmospheric explosion .
A lesson is something new you gain from an experience .
The youth today are aware of their responsibilities as citizens .
But I disagree with this opinion because often advertisements don ’ t speak only about the product ’ s functions but instead promise other characteristics that don ’ t depend on it .
It gives him many opportunities in life , and I think that being a knowledgeable person is a very wonderful thing to have so we can spend our lives in a successful way and full of happiness .
In other words , the image in the TV commercial is the most important point that determines whether the viewer buys it or not .
Members gather money for the funeral and help them with it .
