Dear Sir ,
I saw your job advertisement on the internet and am writing to apply for a summer position as a children 's instructor and counselor at your camp .
I work as a teacher at a Spanish school with children aged between 8 and 14 .
I 'm an easygoing person with a lot of empathy for children .
On the other hand , in my leisure time , I usually do sports like jogging or swimming , and adventurous activities like trekking , climbing , or spelunking . I have been doing these for 20 years .
I have travelled around most European countries and I am able to understand , speak , and write three languages highly : Spanish , English , and French .
It is the reason I believe that makes me a suitable candidate for the job .
I would like to let you know that I will be able to work during the months of July and August .
I hope it has not been an inconvenience to you .
Could you please tell me what salary you are offering for this job ?
I look forward to hearing from you .
Best regards ,
Mirta Rojo
Hi . I 'm so happy to write here . My favorite sport is riding a bike ( bicycle ) .
It is a nice and good sport , especially when we do it in the morning . It gives the body energy and regulates the work of the heart .
For me , I do this kind of sport for ten minutes daily . I do this sport because I have liked it since I was a child .
My advice to anyone starting to learn this sport is to be careful of accidents because it requires more concentration from the person to ride . That is all .
Thank you
I 've been studying English for several years , but I 'm not really sure what exactly my current goal is .
I 've been changing places , and I do n't know which one is best for me .
What I 'm sure about is the fact that I 'm going to need an official certificate in order to prove that I 've studied the language .
I study English because I love it and would like to speak very fluently and watch movies without subtitles .
I understand perfectly when a native speaker is talking , but when I have to speak in English , it 's not so easy .
I 'm very motivated and I 'm going to continue with my studies , but I need to be clear about where I 'm going .
I 'd like to teach little children the language .
Next year , I 'm going to focus on speaking and perhaps take a formal test .
Otherwise , I 'd like to improve my grammar and writing , so I 'll keep trying hard .
Thank you for helping me .
The British parliamentary electoral system is unfair and undemocratic .
However , in my opinion , it is the best basis for government .
Consider a general election in which three parties , X , Y , and Z , stand in a country of 5000 voters .
Supposing 2,000 people vote for party X and 1,500 vote for parties Y and Z , party X would come into power because it had the most votes .
However , there were 3,000 people who did not want them to be in power , which is not the majority of the country .
Also , the idea is that each constituency has an MP who fights for that constituency 's beliefs in parliament .
This sentence is correct . Here it is unchanged : This has major flaws .
Consider , for example , the MP who recently decided she wanted to switch parties .
Yes , I know it is the MP 's belief that the constituents are meant to vote on the ideas of that MP , but this simply is n't the case in many circumstances ; the voter votes on how the party for which that MP stands is doing at the moment .
Once a party is in government , it is free to do as it likes , changing its policies , until the next general election , at which point it will make hollow promises about what it will do when it next gets into power , just to gain votes .
It is , as I said before , the best system .
Consider dictatorships ; this falls at the first hurdle .
With this system , any madman can control a country , causing economic disasters not only for that country but also for other related countries .
The sentence is already correct .
Please some people some of the time , but not all people all of the time .
The only way a fair system of government can arise is in a group of about ten people at most , and even then people are discontented .
Hi Karina ,
Thanks for your letter .
Of course , I can tell you about Dulan .
He 's 23 , studying electronic engineering at the University of Kelaniya , and is a second-year student .
He has an elder sister who has just finished her IT degree and is now looking for a job .
His mother teaches biology to advanced level students at Ananda College in Colombo 10 , and his father works at Peoples ' Bank as an assistant manager .
He 's a cool , charming , and very sociable person .
He 's also sensitive .
When someone faces trouble , they don ’ t look away but instead go forward to help others as much as they can .
Not only is he a responsible and reliable guy .
Sometimes he borrows my personal things ( laptop , pen drives ) and returns them to me on time as they are .
He 's incredibly hardworking . That 's the secret behind his exam results .
He likes going out with friends , watching movies , and listening to music—using his hi-fi headset—so do n't worry about noise ! He 's a good rugby player and plays for his university team . He 's crazy about computer games .
He had already finished many famous computer games when we left school , but he knew his limits and knew how to balance his studies without any disturbance .
He 's keen on sports cars .
He has a large collection of pictures and videos of sports cars .
He also has quite a good knowledge of automobiles .
I know that most of the time he does some repairs himself .
It might be helpful for you during his holiday .
The only negative things I can think of are that he 's a bit untidy and not well-organized .
His room is usually messy , and sometimes he searches for his belongings for hours .
His English writing is very good , but he is n't a fluent speaker . I 'm sure he 'll learn it quickly .
Finally , I think he 's really nice and that you and your family will get along well with him .
I hope the above information is useful .
Let me know if you need any more information about him .
Love ,
Lionel
A very important characteristic of the UK constitution—one that is central to the question of sovereignty—is that the Westminster Parliament is the supreme legal authority in the UK .
According to the orthodox school , which subscribes to the views of Albert Venn Dicey , the Westminster Parliament is omnicompetent and can pass laws on any subject it wishes to regulate the activities of any person , anywhere , even those of aliens outside British territory .
In theory , the Westminster Parliament could then pass a law banning smoking on the streets of Paris .
If our Parliament were to do so , British courts would be obliged to accept Parliament 's decision and pass judgment accordingly .
Of course , in practice , as the Radical school ( who believe that the Westminster Parliament is not legislatively supreme ) points out , in this hypothetical situation , the Parisians would take no notice whatever of the UK Parliament 's legislation ; and Parliament would , in effect , be fettered .
Dicey stated that since each Parliament is omnipotent and therefore has the power to make or unmake any law , no Parliament could bind its successors regarding the content or manner and form of subsequent legislation .
The Radicals like to point out that since the passing of the European Communities Act in 1972 , the Westminster Parliament has ceded its sovereignty and supremacy to Europe .
The orthodox school retaliates by pointing out that since a Westminster Parliament passed the 1972 Act , thereby putting the UK into the European Communities , a future Parliament could just as easily repeal this Act and take us out of Europe again .
In this case , Britain would have retained its sovereignty and parliamentary supremacy .
Of course , this entire question remains a subject of fierce debate .
British courts have avoided a head-on clash by finding ambiguity in a domestic statute and resolving that ambiguity so as to give effect to their Community obligations , or by finding that a statute passed prior to the 1972 European Communities Act is repealed by implication by that Act and does not represent the latest intention of the Westminster Parliament , or by arguing that subsequent legislation was inadvertent and that the Westminster Parliament could not have intended to come into conflict with Community law .
In a recent development , the European Court of Justice ruled in the case of * R v Secretary of State for Transport ex parte Factortame and others * ( 1990 ) that courts in Britain must suspend an Act of the Westminster Parliament where the rights of citizens guaranteed by European Community law may be at risk .
This case stated for the first time that it is a principle of UK law , as influenced by the European Court , that Parliament is not supreme in every circumstance .
It would seem , therefore , that the advent of a single Europe indeed means a loss of sovereignty for Britain , whatever the orthodox school may think to the contrary .
Young people are interested in many things , such as games , music , television programmes , and the clothes they wear .
Young people , like children , like to play games , listen to music , watch TV , and wear special clothes .
In 2015 , the game that young people were interested in was speed stacking .
They are interested in Taylor Swift 's songs because they are so wonderful ; even I listen to them every day .
Television programmes that young people do n't actually like , but they prefer channels that have horror films , romantic films , and films with happy endings .
This year there are fantastic clothes everywhere , especially in the UAE .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in connection with your job advertisement for the summer camps in the USA .
I am a twenty-year-old student from Poland and I am looking for an interesting job for the summer holidays .
I would like to apply for the job you are offering , and I intend to prove that I am a suitable candidate .
I have been a Scout in Poland for ten years .
There I had various tasks , one of which was looking after younger children .
I helped organise Scout camps all over my country .
We organised many sports and cultural activities .
Apart from being a Scout , I have also been a lifeguard at kitesurfing camps in Poland .
I am not afraid of working in the kitchen .
I can also handle more difficult tasks , such as washing the dishes or tidying up .
I believe you will consider my application .
Yours faithfully
XYZ
I beg to differ ; crime does pay .
Many criminals live much better than the average American because they have chosen a life of crime .
Being a criminal has its advantages ; you do n't have to worry about being fired , you can make more money in less time , you set your own hours because you 're your own boss , and you can retire well before the age of 65 .
Let 's take time to compare the criminal life with the life of the hardworking person .
In our changing economy , any individual who holds down a job must be concerned with whether or not he or she will continue to have that job .
Many people are being laid off or let go because companies are no longer making enough profit to pay their employees .
A criminal will always find employment .
There is never a lack of work as a means for continuing employment .
If we then think about the workday of most working people ,
The average worker works eight hours a day .
They earn about $ 7.50 per hour for their labor .
This is $ 300 per week before taxes and other deductions .
Tax deductions will run about $ 69.00 per week , and deductions for medical/dental insurance will cost them another $ 5.00 per week , bringing their actual take-home pay to $ 266.00 per week .
The average criminal can work an hour a day and make $ 300 without having to worry about deductions for medical insurance or taxes .
Furthermore , the criminal does not have to be at work at a specific time for a specific number of hours each day .
The criminal is their own boss .
And finally , the one thing the criminal has in common with the average worker is retirement .
However , the criminal can retire much faster than the worker if they have managed to save portions of the dollars they stole over the years .
If a criminal starts at age 15 and works only five hours per week until age 30 , he or she could be set for life .
At $ 300.00 per hour over 15 years , the criminal earns $ 1,170,000.00 .
If they invest half this money and earn interest , they could potentially live on the interest income alone .
Comparing the two options here , I 'd definitely say that crime pays .
I was born in Thailand and have been living in Samut Prakan , which is a small city near Bangkok .
The sentence is already correct . There are many types of transportation in Thailand .
I often take a motorcycle , a minibus , and finally the BTS .
The bus is a form of transportation that I rarely take .
From my experience ,
A motorcycle is a very convenient form of transportation .
It is the fastest transportation when you are in a rush .
Even though it 's needed in a hurry .
On the other hand , it is not very safe .
Motorcycles are the most dangerous form of transport in Thailand compared with others .
Even though there is a traffic rule , some riders still keep breaking it .
Continue by minibus ; there are some rules for this type of transportation .
The drivers must follow the traffic rules .
I found that it is good transportation that costs low prices and travels long distances .
People in the low to middle class therefore prefer to use this transport .
People who live around the city usually make appointments downtown .
Because of a heavy traffic jam in Bangkok , they try to avoid other routes .
Then , BTS is the best option .
It is very satisfying in terms of time and convenience .
People can manage their time more easily because BTS is fixed in time .
This transport is therefore the most predictable .
Thailand is a country that is not strict with the rules .
Therefore , news about accidents in the country can be heard .
Customers and drivers are not disciplined .
My suggestion for those problems above is to start showing people the priority of regulations .
Drivers , customers , and even police officers should cooperate .
Dear Mrs. Kate Ashby
I study English at Esosel College in the 3rd year and can speak English very well .
I would like to deal with people , and I can speak many languages , so I communicate well with them .
I would like to work long hours on weekends because on weekdays I go to college , and I am happy to work long hours on weekends .
( No output , as the input is incomplete or lacks meaningful content . )
Humanity witnessed one of recorded history 's most incredible minds at work when Albert Einstein came onto the scene .
Although his and his wife 's theory was basically scientific in nature , it can and has been applied to all areas of human existence .
The theory I 'm referring to is relativity .
This theory also brought about the field of quantum mechanics .
It is difficult to condense this topic , one that has volumes of literature .
Personally , I find that relativity has n't had its full effect .
This is probably due to several reasons : First , the notion that every point is a point of departure and that all other points are in reference to that point of departure is rather abstract .
It seems impossible , leaving humans grasping for closure .
What Einstein did to humanity 's philosophy was change the notion that closure could be obtained .
The Socratic idea that all is known .
And the notion that it was only a matter of time before a " moment " would reveal the knowledge from " within " was effectively shattered .
The philosopher 's stone was pulverized into utopian and nostalgic dust .
Since my socialization leads me to have a notion of earth time ( 24 hours = day ) , I think Einstein reconstructed part of it .
Although I do n't claim to understand relativity , I 've attempted to delve into the topic [ like sidphantha and his rock ] .
The point is that my notion of time has changed , and I think once humanity realizes that time notions are human constructions and are subject to change , then the impact of Einstein 's idea will be felt .
For now , we are left with a world that has used Einstein 's " invention " for intentions not worthy of the genius , namely : atomic bombs .
The significance of atomic bombs can not be overestimated when speaking about humanity in the 20th century .
It set up a whole network of global systems .
USA vs. USSR , with Japan and Germany as the " winners . "
Cold wars : North-South relations .
Many things have been generated—namely , fear !
Relatively speaking , fear has been the primary point of departure for global community construction .
This is a point that I think needs to change from fear to peace .
A shift in focus , if you will .
Some would say this is too utopian .
But if humanity sought to understand relativity ( as Stephen Hawking does ) , our notions would be radically changed .
For now , we must deal with the shortcomings of humanity 's use of Einstein 's ideas : atomic weapons .
Yesterday I went to a basketball club . In my first training session , I scored 4 baskets .
It was my first time playing basketball .
I think I did very well .
My dream is to be a basketball player . Playing basketball is really fun and nice .
I loved playing it .
I want to play it again .
It is undeniable that animals are vital to medical research for their beneficial merits .
Researchers could use animals , such as mice and monkeys , to examine the new drugs .
Furthermore , animals were probably used to determine the dosage amount .
These usages certainly identify whether the vaccine is functional .
In addition , it defines the maximum dosage beyond which the drug becomes lethal .
Also , one of the main purposes of using animals in labs is that the antidote for their bites—for instance , snakes—has to be extracted from their bodies .
Even a bite could kill a person if the proper antidote is not available .
Writing about my favorite sport means talking about one of the best things in my life , since I 'm a sports fan and have been one all my life .
While I was in high school , I still recall dreading the moment I had to go to gym class , but later in life , I somehow discovered that sports would not just save my life .
Furthermore , it became one of my favourite pastimes .
No matter what my mood was , putting on my trainers and finding a new place to discover made possibilities endless—parks , the beach , running tracks .
Getting lost in the middle of the woods ... anytime , anywhere .
Then , one thing led to another , and starting rollerblading , cycling , skiing , or just going to the gym on rainy days totally changed my mood .
Little did I know at the time that I would meet the love of my life thanks to sports .
To conclude , I would like to leave a message for all those young people out there who don ’ t seem to fit in anywhere .
Participating in any leisure activity would help you become a better person .
You will learn to share , compete , and lead a healthier life .
Believe that your potential lies deep within you and that the sky 's the limit .
As stated in the book * Say It Again , See It Again * , artistic research is a quite complicated and much-discussed topic .
In academic fields , there is some question of how artistic research relates to research within the academic framework .
When we look it up in the dictionaries to find what research means in academic study , we read this definition :
" The systematic investigation into , and study of , materials and sources in order to establish facts and reach new conclusions . "
According to the UNESCO definition , research is " any creative and systematic activity undertaken in order to increase the stock of knowledge , including knowledge of man , culture , and society , and the use of this knowledge to devise new applications . "
Another source stated that research involves searching for and gathering information , usually to answer a particular question or problem .
When we look for artistic research .
It is said that artistic research is the process of making artwork .
Those two terms , academic research and artistic research , differ mainly in the result of the research .
In the academic field , after research , we gain some knowledge that can be generalized .
The findings of the academic research become law , enduring over time .
While in artistic research we work with singular knowledge that is unique .
And it can not truly remain as a law or a long-term statement . Because of the experimental , unpredictable , multidisciplinary , and creative nature of artistic research , it is difficult to define what artistic research really is .
Artistic research also does not produce only knowledge .
It changes people 's mindsets .
Artistic research is a form of research because artists seek knowledge in order to create artwork .
Art research exists within the artwork itself .
I read in the book about artistic research that artists do their research without calling it research .
Mrs. Kate Ashby ,
I would like to apply for a weekend job at Green Pepper Cafe .
I am a twenty-one-year-old student .
Food is the most important part of my life ; it makes me happy .
I really like to cook different kinds of dishes from all over the world for my friends .
I am used to working long hours because last holiday I had a full-time job in a bar at the beach .
I am an open-minded and smiling person who loves to meet new people and learn new things .
I think that I am a calm and friendly person ; for me , a satisfied client is a happy client .
I also know Spanish , which could be helpful for talking with tourists from Spain .
I hope you would like to meet with me and get to know more about my experience in working in bars and cafes .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
With kind regards , Clarita
Watching * Cuéntame * might not be the first show you think of about Spain 's last century , but in fact it is a good example of our country 's history at that time .
Although it was shot last year by a young director , he knew how difficult life was , so it is more than likely that he studied society , customs , clothes , or hairstyles in detail because the elderly say it is a truthful reflection of Spaniards ' lives .
Moreover , it is said by pensioners that the movie reminds them of their youth—so it is a realistic film .
On the other hand , it is more than likely that they might feel a bit sad , homesick , and maybe even shed a tear .
The movie would reflect the life in an average family with a toddler , two teenage children , and the grandmother , who is always wearing black clothes because she lost her husband in the Spanish Civil War .
As the parents are working out , she used to do the housework , taking care of her grandchildren .
On top of that , it shows the beginning of the democratic age and how difficult the birth of some political parties was , and , of course , it shows us how women began to smoke , wear skinny trousers , or get a driving license .
A strange change occurred in this country .
To sum up , I strongly recommend this movie , not only for students or young people but also for middle-aged and elderly people . In addition , it could be a great movie for foreigners so they could easily understand our history .
Dear Mrs. Ashby ,
I would like to work at the café on the weekend .
I have worked in a cafe many times before and enjoy meeting people . I have been to Green Pepper Cafe many times and drink coffee there .
It was very good , and the people working there are happy .
I want to work at your place as I am interested in many types of food and I really enjoy meeting people .
I also work long hours in a café , which I like .
Please let me know soon if I have an interview .
Schooling of the children
I think children must be educated at school , not at home .
Since school allows them to interact with other people , they learn from a young age how to handle different situations , perspectives , and cultures , and grow from these experiences .
Knowledge is n't just about what we learn while sitting in a chair , but also how to deal with society .
It doesn ’ t make any sense for a person to be very smart , intelligent , intellectual , and know everything about so many subjects if they can ’ t express themselves or their ideas .
If he can not act naturally when facing difficulties or stay calm when dealing with others ' thoughts , which differ from his ideas , he demonstrates how flexible he can be in difficult situations .
The knowledge is a combination of the intellectual and emotional parts of our brain .
There needs to be a balance between these two parts .
Teaching a child alone at home is n't a good idea for their development .
The advantage of teaching a child at home is seeing and following exactly what they will learn , the study time , and closely observing what the child is assimilating .
But , as I said before , it 's very important to help them deal with other people and situations from a young age , to combine the rational and emotional parts of their brains .
It 's a hard decision for parents , even more so for those who want to control all aspects of their children 's lives , but it 's necessary to understand how important a decision like that is to the future of those kids .
It 's more important to keep control of everything or to let the child learn from his experiences and develop other skills .
I really love football .
I do n't know why ; I just love that . My favourite club is Real Madrid , and my favourite football players are Kaká and Cristiano Ronaldo .
I do n't care ; I 'll watch my favourite club 's match every time .
Seeing him play football lets me understand him .
He 's my favourite player , more favourite than Kaká .
If I can watch his competition , I 'll watch it .
He 's also my spirit .
I have loved football since I was in the first grade of junior high school . Usually , I watched football matches with my father .
At midnight we 're watching together ...
My lovely team is my Country 's Garuda Team . You 're the best in the world .
My hope is that the Indonesian national football team could become a great and top team .
This sentence is already correct .
Money , perhaps , is a necessary evil in order to conduct the daily affairs of life .
Money , in some form or another , is required in order to carry out business , trade , commerce , and the exchange of property .
Money enables human beings to store what they own , to pay their expenses , to share with others , or even to give to those in need .
However , it is true that the love of money is the root of all evils .
This is a different concept altogether .
The desire for what we may not have can at times cause people to behave in ways they might not otherwise .
Although we have a healthy desire to meet our needs , at times this desire can be pushed to an extreme .
How many times have we seen on the evening news a family broken apart , a company go under , or even a nation crumble simply because there was a desperate desire , on the part of one or many , for something that exceeded what was actually needed or required ?
Even individuals who are in constant search of what evades them can be destroyed .
They believe that owning the " right " car , living in the " right " neighborhood , or knowing the " right " people can bring them happiness or contentment .
This love of money urges them on , causing them to neglect their families and at times to commit crimes for which they are imprisoned .
Our society pays dearly , both financially and socially , for its love affair with money .
It is a cross-cultural thing .
We can speak of the American dollar , the Japanese yen , or the Spanish peseta .
The love of whatever represents financial exchange between parties wreaks havoc on a nation , a family , and even an individual 's life .
Not the money itself but rather the love of it persuades men 's hearts , captivates their minds , and influences their priorities and behavior .
The hoarding of wealth for personal benefit or security , when pushed to an extreme , is the root of all evil .
Even the smallest child can become selfish because of it .
It 's not long before a 4- to 5-year-old realizes the power that money brings .
He begins to hide , save , ask for , and spend it .
Is money the root of all evil if a healthy thing can be turned into a tool for disaster ?
No .
It can be used for good .
It can bring relief to those in need and even extra joy into a life that already has its needs met .
However , the love of it , the overwhelming desire for it that causes people to overlook what is most important and at times even commit terrible acts toward each other , is truly the root of all evil .
History is the identity of a people . It can tell future generations about the past .
All nations and peoples have their own histories , distinguished only by the marks left behind .
Historical places as well as archives are the most common things showing ancient life .
Every nation has its own identity .
In my country there are a lot of historical places that refer to different civilizations .
But the place that attracts the most people is the capital , which we can call the crossroads of civilization .
Different civilizations set up there , from Byzantine to French , passing through Ottoman and others .
Our attractive historical place in the CASBAH .
Casbah is a historical city and has an important history about its construction .
I believe I would be a good fit for the summer camp staff .
Besides raising two children , most children are very fond of me .
I always enjoy sports , especially basketball , tennis , and dancing .
I 'm also good at cooking and reading books .
I hope you will select me for the job .
Dear Isabel ,
My new town is wonderful .
I really enjoy living here !
My town is near a lake and between two larger towns .
The main attractions are a historic museum and a very large indoor bath .
My favorite place in town is a bench by the lake .
I love sitting there and watching the sunrise .
Best wishes from my lovely new home .
I live in a tiny village named Fals , where there are n't many people—there are only about one hundred .
In my small village , most people are farmers , and they don ’ t use many cars or motorbikes ; they just use trucks and other vehicles .
So I think that in my village we take care of the environment because we don ’ t produce a lot of pollution , so I can say that I live in a healthy village in terms of pollution .
But in my country , we usually do n't take care of the environment because people in Spain do n't think of others ; they just think about themselves .
Although most Spanish people do n't think about the environment because they say it 's not the present but the future .
Nowadays , childhood is really involved with technology .
Most of the fun for children comes from video games , television , computers , and tablets , where they play electronic games and watch movies or cartoons .
In this way , it is clear that television entertains and is part of our lives , but it can also educate if it has appropriate subjects .
For example , some cartoons with their characters can teach children to count in other languages , solve simple mathematical problems like addition , and most importantly , help them learn how to interact with their parents and friends and understand what is wrong or right . In other words , television can influence their behavior .
On the other hand , television often features many advertisements that can influence some of the choices and desires of children , such as certain toys , so they start asking for them just because of the media .
Therefore , it is very important for parents to have knowledge about what their children are watching and learning on TV .
Thus , television could be good for education , but the time in front of the screen has to be controlled , as childhood is also constructed by playing in the open air !
It is apparently due to the huge improvement in the automobile industry , which has created a better transport environment with dramatically improved transportation .
You can easily travel from one place to another by stepping into a private car , which will create an electronic delivery lane and compress the car 's data along with the driver 's .
Drivers simply start the car engine , select the destination with the accurate address , map the three-dimensional street view , and then drive .
In just five minutes , you 'll arrive .
With the new way of driving , people do not have to walk 500 meters to reach public transportation , such as train or bus stations , while buying modern cars that provide a better transport experience .
Dear Ms. Kennedy ,
Thank you for the opportunity .
It would be my great pleasure to attend the interview at 2:30 p.m .
If possible , I would like to have a parking space near the office .
Would you mind providing me with documentation details regarding the interview and how long it lasts , please ?
Yours sincerely
Shundori Aranda ( unchanged if this is a proper name )
Hello , Lara ,
I 'm happy to know you .
My name is Rasheed .
I am 20 years old and I am from Yemen , but I live in Saudi Arabia . I love to exercise to stay healthy .
I study a lot of different subjects .
In my free time , I learn how to write code .
In February 2017 , I attended a university .
I want to study Computer Science .
This is everything about me . I hope to meet you soon .
Rasheed .
Dear Sir ,
I 'm really interested in your property . It 's very similar to what I 'm looking for .
I 'm Matias from Spain . I 'm currently on holiday in Dublin , but I 'd like to live in Dundalk because I want to improve my English there—Dublin is too expensive .
I do n't smoke , but I accept it if someone does that .
Regarding the term " rental , " are the rooms available for 6 months ?
I would like to stay from September to May , more or less , though I don ’ t mind .
The last question is , are there any academies to learn English near the house ?
Thank you very much .
Please do n't hesitate to contact me if you need any further information .
Kind regards .
Matias Fábio Freire
No doubt all of us dream of living in a healthy environment , which requires a lot of effort from both the people and the government .
But in fact , this did not happen 100 % of the time , as most people did not comply with this ; most of them always put the rubbish in the streets instead of in the designated places .
In the village , the farmers always throw the tailings and the dead bodies of animals into the canals , which dirties the water they use for irrigating the farmlands , leading to food pollution .
As a matter of fact , there is an enormous quantity of ways of transmitting information , which has always been extremely important for people , especially nowadays .
We can receive it from old-fashioned or traditional sources of information such as books , as well as from contemporary types of media , for instance , TVs and radio .
Since all kinds of sources have advantages and disadvantages , some arguments will be considered to find the most effective .
Actually , broadcasting activities offer great opportunities to get the latest news about situations in the world or the latest knowledge about different fields of science , whereas books can present obsolete or inadequate information .
Indeed , scientists have proven that about half of the information in books becomes outdated in 5 to 10 years .
In contrast , we can find that some data on television and on the radio is deliberately distorted .
Nowadays , there is an opinion that the media is the fourth estate , which can influence our consciousness .
It is too hard to disagree when information becomes a means of warfare rather than a method of enlightenment .
Then books come to the forefront as a means of understanding history : all human experience , which has accumulated over the entire time of human existence , is represented there .
In conclusion , I believe we should not rely on only one way of communicating information , as all types of media have pros and cons .
Choosing the appropriate option for receiving certain data is a skill we should learn .
Every year , there is a winter festival in my city .
This year , there were more activities than last year .
Spending time with my friends was great .
There were a lot of activities like snowboarding , competitions , and concerts .
There was a lovely activity for the kids called " Do You Wan na Build a Snowman ? " where they spent an incredible time building snowmen .
I participated in a dance competition .
The judges said that I was an amazing dancer and it was a very emotional moment for me .
I ca n't wait for next year 's festival .
Football is my favorite game because it is quite challenging and interesting . I began to play football when I was 6 years old .
Since then , it has become my passion .
It is also called the " king of sports " and is the most popular sport in the world .
Hi ,
I 'm Ottavia , and I 'm 23 years old .
I was born in Gubbio , a small city in central Italy , but now I live in Turin because I 'm studying here .
I saw this advertisement and thought it was the right job for me .
I 'm energetic , always smiling , and I really like meeting new people .
I love traveling because I think it 's the best way to learn about new cultures and broaden your mind .
I 'm a very creative person . I love organizing activities , games , and events .
When I was 15 , in my city in Italy , I looked after children at a summer camp organized by the church .
So I have yet to experience this kind of job .
Definitely , I have had a lot of jobs to pay for my studies .
I worked in a bar , in a pub , in a shop , and as a PR in Italian discos .
I also did PR in Ibiza too .
I know the sense of sacrifice and the meaning of hard work very well .
So , I 'm ready to work hard , have fun , meet a lot of people , and live a beautiful and unforgettable experience !
I hope for a positive result .
Bye .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to apply for the position you advertised in * Summer Holidays Magazine * as a volunteer at USA summer camps .
I am 23 years old and I have just finished my studies in Teaching at the University of Seville .
After summer , I would like to work at a prestigious center in Birmingham , " The Good Shepherd School , " so learning from a summer camp in the United States of America would be a great opportunity for me .
As you can see from my attached curriculum vitae , I have been working as a nanny for two years , and I also have five little cousins whom I have had to look after on many occasions .
In addition , I worked at summer camps last summer , where I was in charge of planning and leading games and craft activities .
Being a leader made me develop a strong sense of responsibility .
In addition , I am about to take the CAE ( Certificate in Advanced English ) exam in a few weeks .
I love learning English . In fact , I have some English exchange partners who I talk to twice a week .
I believe a good teacher is someone who can entertain children , play with them , and teach them how to improve their skills .
I think I have all these abilities and I am perfectly capable of doing this job .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully
Louisa Aláez
The sentence is already correct .
For example , everyone might suddenly become vegetarian , or tastes could change in such a way that nobody in the UK wants to eat beef .
However , these occurrences are , at best , unlikely .
The only plausible reason for people in the UK to stop eating beef is the disease CJD .
This disease is the human equivalent of mad cow disease , or BSE .
In recent years , there has been a huge increase in the number of cases of BSE .
This seems to have been mainly caused by farming methods 20 years ago .
In the 1960s and 1970s , cows were given feed that included sheep ( and their brains ) as ingredients .
Many animals that ate this feed developed BSE , and even more passed it on to their offspring .
There is a belief among people in the UK that eating beef is dangerous , as they think BSE can be passed on to humans when they consume it .
The sentence is already correct .
However , cases of CJD and BSE have been widely documented in the media , and this has greatly influenced people .
Pictures on television of cows with BSE that are unable to walk properly and humans with CJD highlight how horrific and debilitating the condition is .
If media coverage of CJD and BSE continues in the same way , it is not inconceivable that people in the UK might become so scared that they stop eating beef altogether .
If people in the UK were to cease to eat beef , the effect on the agricultural industry would be devastating .
The number of cow farmers would decrease significantly .
This is because , with the beef market destroyed , the only market open to these farmers would be the dairy products market , which is not large enough to sustain many sellers .
The CJD and BSE scare could even extend to dairy products , and if this were to happen , cow farmers might cease to exist entirely .
However , when people stop eating beef , what do they eat instead ?
The answer is pork , lamb , and other meats .
The increase in demand for other meats would be approximately proportionate to the fall in demand for beef .
This would mean that producers of other meats would benefit from people ceasing to eat beef .
Although cattle farmers could no longer remain in the beef market , they could switch from cattle farming to pig or sheep farming and stay in the agricultural industry .
The overall effect on the size of the agricultural industry would be virtually nil .
This is because the fall in the size of the beef market would correspond to a rise in the size of other agricultural product markets .
This would mean that the structure of the agricultural industry had altered greatly , with the proportion taken up by markets for meats other than beef growing .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in reference to your advertisement , which I saw in the magazine two weeks ago .
I am very interested in this vacancy .
I am the president of the Young Pioneers club at a primary school , so I usually organize picnics , camping trips , sports , and other outdoor activities for students .
In order to ensure their safety , my school sometimes asks me to attend first-aid courses , which give me the confidence to deal with emergency situations .
Especially , I am free from June to September .
I am a native speaker of Vietnamese and I was awarded a B grade in the First Certificate in English last year .
I consider myself energetic , humorous , enthusiastic , and sociable .
I will do my best to succeed in this role , and I hope you will consider my application favorably . I have enclosed my CV for your attention and would be glad to attend an interview at any time convenient to you .
Yours faithfully
I need a sentence to correct . Please provide text within the ` < input > ` tags .
Dear David ,
I 'm Paloma , your new pen pal friend ! I come from an island called Cozumel . I like sports and hanging out with my friends .
What did you do on vacation ?
I went to Cancún , visited museums , and was in Xpu-Ha , a really beautiful beach . We stayed in an apartment near it .
There , I saw a lot of tourists who were almost crying because they ate chili . I laughed a lot , and so did my friends—don ’ t underestimate the power of chili .
Do you have brothers or sisters ? I have two little ones , one who is 11 years old and the other who is 7 .
I have seven pets : 1 parrot , 2 dogs , 2 hamsters , and 2 turtles . I think it 's a little more than normal .
Looking forward to receiving your letter !
A hug
Paloma
I live in a flat in the center of Magenta near the church .
In my house , there are two bedrooms , a kitchen , a studio , a bathroom , and a living room where I can play video games and watch TV .
My bedroom is amazing . I have a library of 12 shelves , where there are many books , and a big white desk where I study and do my homework .
On the walls there are a lot of posters about cars , bikes , football , views , animals , and buildings .
The studio is n't big but is very comfortable and has a PC .
In the kitchen , there are the fridge , the freezer , and the oven , and it is connected to a small terrace where there is a little garden .
In the living room there are two sofas , a table with chairs , and a beautiful television .
I think my house is fantastic . It is in a nice area , and I have never bought a motor home to live in .
My house is in a condominium where there are three other buildings , and in this complex there are 18 families .
International Bookshop , 52 Down Avenue
London
May 11 , 2014
Dear Mrs. Benson ,
I am writing to apply for the job in your international bookshop , which was advertised in the " London " newspaper last week .
I am 35 years old and from Spain , although I am studying literature in London .
At the moment , I am looking for a summer job .
I like reading books in other languages because I speak Spanish , English , and French fluently .
I have experience in this area because I worked in another bookshop with temporary jobs last summer .
I would welcome the opportunity to spend the summer working at your international bookshop .
I have enclosed my CV .
If you require any further information , please contact me at ge78Jw0pLQ @ hotmail.com .
Thank you for considering my application .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely
Felicia Matesanz
Interestingly , this topic is very important to me .
I often reflect on the characteristics of humanity that drive us to continually invent new things .
We seem to be somewhat obsessed with technology and with using it to dominate nature , as well as our fellow humans .
Technology and inventions often stem from our natural fear of death and human insecurities .
We attempt to dominate nature so we may live without fearing death , and we attempt to dominate others so we may live without our petty insecurities .
For these reasons , I would argue that the only inventions of the twentieth century that have significantly changed people 's lives for the better are those that have occurred in the medical field .
Although these inventions stem from a fear of death , they do not attempt to dominate nature or other human beings , as the majority of other inventions do .
They save lives .
By closely analyzing the nature of modern inventions , one notes a consistent trend leading away from a lifestyle that peacefully coexists with nature .
We are part of nature ourselves , yet we attempt to live outside of it .
We continue to destroy plants , animals , and the earth itself , and our new inventions help us do it more efficiently .
Therefore , inventions in the 20th century have had , for the most part , a negative effect on our lives because by destroying nature , we 're destroying ourselves .
In addition , our inventions are used to dominate each other .
We invent better weapons and better economic systems geared toward killing and depriving others .
Medical inventions , on the other hand , are designed to help people of all colors and can not be used to dominate nature or other people .
They are one of the only truly " kind " expressions of mankind 's creativity .
In modern society , especially in developed countries , traffic and all the problems related to it affect the socioeconomic conditions of the whole population .
Many governments argue that these problems could be solved by increasing the price of petrol .
In my opinion , this should not be the right way to solve them ; other measures need to be taken .
In many overcrowded cities , such as New York and Tokyo , the primary cause of air pollution is the chaotic and uncontrolled flow of vehicles that use fossil fuels to operate .
This trend will certainly continue to rise in the future due to the large number of people moving from the countryside to the city .
This phenomenon occurs especially in developing countries , such as China .
However , an increase in fuel prices is not effective in reducing traffic flow .
Indeed , over the last fifty years , this price has shown a dramatic rise , but air pollution continues to increase .
It can be seen in some virtuous cities , for instance Oslo in Norway , that encouraging people to use bicycles is an excellent way to reduce traffic and its consequences .
The said encouragement can be carried out by decreasing taxes or providing other monetary benefits for those who ride their bikes instead of driving cars .
Another way to reduce traffic is the enhancement of the public transport system , such as larger trains , more bus lines , etc .
In fact , many people prefer to travel by car because trains are often overcrowded or because they have to wake up early in the morning to catch the bus .
In conclusion , although increasing the price of petrol could be effective in the short term , this measure can not reduce the use of fossil fuels and , therefore , the problems related to traffic .
However , better solutions can be found by making people aware of the benefits of reducing car use .
Good morning ,
Last week I traveled by air with your airline . The trip was good , but I lost my luggage .
It is big , fluorescent pink with blue lines .
I went to the staff to tell them about this situation , but they told me to send an email to the company .
I 'm writing to receive my luggage .
I hope you can find it because it contains things that are very important to me .
Write to me soon !
Noemi
I 'm very pleased that you took into account .
I 'm an Italian girl , I 'm nineteen years old , and I live with my parents and my twins in the south of Italy .
When I was a baby , I used to go to summer camps with my family . I grew up in a camp .
I think I can be a suitable person for this job because now I look after my brothers , who are five years old , and I love cooking and playing with them . I grew up in the south , and here in summer there are many summer camps , and I usually work in those , so I have experience .
Hoping to have satisfied your requests , I am waiting for your answer .
The people living in my town are not very environmentally friendly .
They are not minded that way .
For example , when it is time to take the rubbish out , the town hall sets a fixed time for this task .
Although citizens choose not to do it during this time , they do it any other time they feel like .
I do n't think this is a very proper thing to do .
My teacher asked me what I do in my free time .
I always enjoy playing video games , and I usually do so at night .
I do it at night because I study in the afternoon , and I enjoy doing it .
I hang out regularly with my friends , and we have a lot of fun .
I think I 'm a privileged teenager .
In the past , people used to use public transport , and now people also use it , but at a lower rate than in the past .
In my opinion , very few people will use it in the future , and maybe no one will .
To start with , all people will prefer using cars to using public transport .
This is because when people use public transport , they become tired from standing and waiting for a long time in a crowd .
Also , having their own car will help them go easily to any place they want without standing and waiting to find public transport .
Furthermore , bikes and walking will replace public transportation .
This is because people now care for themselves and their health .
So , they prefer using bikes to using cars or public transportation for their health and to save the environment from pollution .
Moreover , in the future , public transportation may be banned to avoid the real harm caused by its toxic fumes .
Besides , it harms the environment , which can cause acid rain and global warming .
To conclude , public transport is not useful anymore .
I believe that they will end because of their harms , which are far more than their benefits .
Alcohol consumption has been a custom in the U.S. for many decades .
Ever since the Wild West , the Civil War , and the drafting of the Declaration of Independence .
People under the age of twenty-one are considered minors when it comes to drinking alcoholic beverages in the United States .
At eighteen , you are considered a man ; therefore , you should be able to decide your own fate and make your own decisions .
Eighteen should be the legal drinking age in the United States .
You can be conscripted to go to war in the United States at the age of eighteen , but you can not drink a beer like all the other adults over the age of twenty-one .
Kids are dying for our country in wars , but the government still will not allow them to drink .
How can you think you 're a man and fight in combat when the government says you 're too young to do what all the other adults do ?
I think if you can hold a gun and fight for your country , you should be able to feel the effects of drinking alcohol .
Kids are getting into too much trouble trying to hide their drinking from their parents .
Most kids between eighteen and twenty are out of high school , and their parents do not care what they do .
A high school diploma indicates that you are old enough to make mature decisions .
You could say that some kids eighteen and over don ’ t have a diploma .
You can establish a rule that if you do n't have a diploma and you 're under twenty-one , you ca n't drink .
Maybe a higher percentage of teenagers will graduate , thinking that if they had a diploma , they would be able to do anything an adult can do .
There would be less crime among teenagers in the United States if eighteen-year-olds were allowed to drink .
Most crimes among teenagers involve drinking and driving .
They make the decision to drink and drive because they try to hide it from their parents .
They can not drink in their own household , so they have to do it somewhere their parents would n't find out .
Eighteen-year-olds would not be put in jail for having alcohol in the car either , which is another high-percentage crime among teenagers .
Drinking should be prohibited for kids under eighteen .
If the government passed a law allowing them to drink , it would just make the U.S. a better environment to live in .
If anything , the military should convince the government to pass a law allowing teenagers to drink .
If that law passes , I will feel more like an adult and accept more responsibility because I am one .
The invention of the airplane has , in my opinion , drastically changed the lives of many people .
Air transportation allows people to travel from place to place more quickly and efficiently , and overseas travel has been drastically affected .
Without the airplane , my trip from the U.S. to Spain would have taken an extraordinary amount of time—maybe a week .
The invention of the airplane has also affected areas other than solely vacation travel ; business , entertainment , and intercontinental relations ( politics ) have also felt its impact .
As I 've already said , the area of travel has been greatly improved due to the airplane .
Travel times have been significantly shortened ; for example , driving from Michigan to California takes about 30–35 hours , but flying the same distance takes about 3 hours .
This allows people a greater variety of places to travel , and they can spend their vacation time at their chosen destination , not trying to get there .
The business world has definitely flourished because of the airplane .
As a result of the greatly decreased travel times , countries can work together much more easily than previously possible .
The sentence is already correct . Here it is unchanged : Also , business relations within a country have improved .
Today , it is relatively easy for an American businessperson to conduct business in any part of the world .
I have seen this in the increase of international business during the past few decades .
Entertainment , a very large field , has grown with the invention of airplanes .
Now , entertainers , whether they be musicians , actors , or athletes , can travel from place to place much more quickly .
For example , Michael Jackson once gave a concert in Madrid , which was made much easier by the airplane .
Professional athletic teams reduce travel time and can play more games in many different places because travel is so easy .
The last area I 'll touch on is intercontinental relations .
This area has been positively and negatively affected .
Positive aspects are those such as " Peace Talks " between nations ; these would not take place as often as they do if it took the President a week to get to where they were going .
Heads of state can also more easily interact with one another in their respective countries through the use of air transportation .
There are negative aspects as well .
Unfortunately , airplanes have been used in wars .
Japan bombing Pearl Harbor , for example , and the U.S. dropping atomic bombs on Japan .
The invention of the airplane has had many positive effects ; unfortunately , however , it has also brought about some negative changes .
Nowadays , the number of cars is increasing and the number of public transport services is reducing .
The sentence is already correct . There are many pros and cons to using cars .
First of all , it is very useful .
You can drive anywhere and anytime . Secondly , it is more economical .
There is an opinion that in any job , discipline should prevail over talent .
In my mind , I would not even question the statement .
Firstly , only regular and consistent self-development ( which requires great discipline ) can turn a talent into a perfected skill in various professions .
Any talent amounts to nothing without discipline .
It is common knowledge that even the most gifted and talented musicians or ballet dancers , for example , never succeed without hard work and discipline .
Ballet dancers are also famous for their strict discipline .
Secondly , even if a person does not have any evident innate abilities , they can develop perfect skills ( provided discipline ) and become more impressive than a disorderly talent .
To add to this , the last World Hockey Championship showed how weak our Russian team , stuffed with brilliant players , was against the less talented but more disciplined American team .
However , not everyone shares my thoughts .
They say that if you are genuinely talented , discipline is unimportant because talent alone is enough .
They also believe that talent is the only thing that matters in artistic professions , and that if you are not gifted , no discipline will help you .
I am afraid I can not agree with these people , as I think discipline is more important than talent because talent alone is never enough ; it needs support and continuous development .
As for creative professions , Pierre Cardin says that discipline and patience come first for him .
I guess we can trust him .
To sum up , the problem is twofold and complicated , but I still feel that discipline is the leading characteristic in any occupation .
Well , my first impression is that I absolutely disagree with the statement , because in my mind , public transport is much more convenient than the car or almost all other methods of traveling , except walking or bicycling .
The sentence is already correct . The reason is simple .
Travelling requires energy , so if you must spend energy , it is more economical and environmentally friendly if you can transport many people with the same amount of energy .
You can also use better energy sources with much greater profit in public transport than in personal cars ( such as electricity from solar or wind power ) to significantly reduce your greenhouse gas emissions .
On the other hand , you have a lack of comfort or worse availability for any displacement you need , but the advantages of public transport over private transport are more significant than the disadvantages .
The sentence is already correct .
The main issue raised was the unemployment that would occur in the pools and company industries .
As the lottery would sound more appealing due to the larger winnings , greater public interest , and the fact that it is easier to fill in than a pools coupon , fewer people would do the pools coupon , and this decrease in demand would mean that pools companies such as Littlewoods and Vernon would be forced to make employees redundant due to a decrease in profits .
There were also concerns raised about addiction and people under sixteen obtaining numbers .
When the National Lottery was introduced and the scratch cards were launched , many people became addicted to buying them . Most of these people were unemployed or poorly paid , and the Lottery represented a source of hope for future riches . For many , this was not the case , and addiction meant large debts or resorting to violence and stealing to obtain extra money . It was argued that this addiction is on a par with drug addiction and just as hard to kick .
It was also argued that many people under the age of sixteen would buy lottery tickets , encouraging the whole nation and its youth to become compulsive gamblers , when money could be better spent on other products—for instance , on extra food for the family—or saved for a holiday or a car .
There were also objections raised to the amount of money the proposed jackpot was to be each week and the idea of rollovers increasing this figure even more .
Many people argued that the general public would not be able to cope with becoming overnight multi-millionaires and the untold pressure of fame on the front pages of tabloids , as well as begging letters , which would make many people crack . They claimed that such individuals would never lead a normal life again and would lose many friends .
Finally , the lottery was thought to put less money into charity collection boxes , as everyone would prefer to put their last pound on a lottery ticket rather than in a collection box .
Despite this , after a year of the National Lottery , there are many cases put forward for retaining it .
The main issue is the amount of money that goes towards research charities ; this was not the case at the start but was introduced later . Grants are also given out to preserve our great country 's heritage and culture , for example , extensive work to repair an existing art gallery .
Also , many sporting projects receive grants to build more recreational areas for the youth and the public to express themselves , keep them off the streets , and discipline them .
Another case for retaining it is that people are still prepared to buy a ticket , and if there is demand for tickets , there is no reason why the supply should not be either .
It gives people hope and something to look forward to during the week .
It has also increased the profits of many newsagents across the country , as they receive a small percentage of the money from each ticket sold .
There has been a literal explosion of inventions during the twentieth century , ranging from the garbage disposal to the atomic bomb .
Some were created to make one 's life easier , others to make our lives longer , all were created for the purpose of advancing civilization .
While each of these inventions has affected our lives in one way or another , some stand out as having more significantly changed our mode of living .
Perhaps one does stand out a little more among its competitors , however ; that is the television .
Before the late 1940s , entertainment , news , and information virtually all came through newspapers and radio .
A system that seemed to work , many households throughout the nation owned or had access to a radio and/or a newspaper , where they could easily and completely get the day 's information .
In the case of the radio , everything was almost immediate .
Description of sporting events , voices acting out stories , and government officials speaking directly to the people made the radio seem the perfect solution for countries with citizens living at all ends of their borders .
The advent of the television changed all of that , however , giving the public a " peek " at what radio was n't able to give them .
Along with the news and information the radio brought to the homes of people around the world , television was able to add images—pictures that enhanced the entire absorption of what was being broadcast .
Where once a reporter 's voice described a scene , people could now see for themselves what was happening because , for the most part , it was happening before their eyes .
Besides the obvious higher level of enjoyment television watching may bring its viewers , the most important aspect of this creation is its ability to bring the world together .
A president of one country can be seen and heard in a distant country , sharing his views and ideas so that everyone can understand him .
The small town store owner can watch her son in his Olympic race as it 's happening without spending thousands to travel to see him in person .
The examples could be endless .
The influence of television must be recognized , however , as it does have the power to reach so many and persuade even more .
It is a multimillion-dollar business that has developed into even more facets of media , which have become a significant part of our lives .
It is a power for which we should be thankful to control , as long as we do just that—control it .
We can make television work for us in medicine , politics , education , and so much more , so it is necessary to remember to keep the vision in television .
In Brazil , the place where I have lived since I was born , we have the culture of playing soccer .
In my country , soccer is the preferred sport of almost all people .
Today , my country is hosting the FIFA World Cup .
Brazil is hosting the World Cup event for the second time .
Last time was in 1950 , when Brazil lost the final to Uruguay in a full Maracanã Stadium .
Millions of people expect Brazil to win the World Cup .
Environmental Problems
What will the future be like in 30 years ' time ?
We think that the planet will be in very bad condition and the trees will disappear in 20 or 30 years due to deforestation ; humans will be waging more wars because water will disappear .
After that , the poles will have melted completely because the sun 's temperature will have become extremely high , so some people will have died from diseases , such as cancer .
The air pollution will be extreme because cars will be flying through the streets and technology will have completely changed .
Also in 20 years , we 'll be eating more fast food and our anatomy will have changed .
So ... before all of this becomes serious , we must begin to take care of our beautiful world .
For sure , traveling by car is more convenient , but otherwise , I don ’ t agree with the first statement that says public transport is no longer the future for too many reasons . First of all , cost-wise , secondly , the population requires more unification than before in order to reduce environmental harm and save our planet . Also , to enhance the chance to build good relationships between humans , public transportation needs to improve the vehicles that provide the services , whether buses or trains .
Dear TOEFL Staff , I am writing about your email concerning my TOEFL iBT test .
I decided to take the TOEFL IBT Test to apply to the University of Copenhagen and indicated the U.K. only as an option , but it is not my first choice .
Can I take the test anyway , or do I have to delete my reservation ?
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Abortion is a controversial topic in today 's society .
Almost everyone has an opinion about the subject .
The sentence is already correct .
Many believe the government should not interfere ; the choice should remain with the individual .
Poverty , personal choice , and illegal abortions are examples of why people should maintain their right to decide .
Abortion is a right of the people and should remain so .
One in four women experiences rape or attempted rape in her lifetime .
Imagine being forced to carry the child of a man who assaulted you and then being force to give birth to this child .
Could you be able to love him or her ?
This traumatic event can take months or years to recover from .
Without the right to an abortion , many of these women would require more time to recover and more counseling than they would already be receiving .
Most unwanted pregnancies occur in impoverished areas of society .
Generally , children born into impoverished environments remain in that socioeconomic level their entire lives .
Lower-income families also tend to have five children on average , while middle- and upper-income families tend to have only two .
By offering abortion to lower-income people , you are helping to maintain a balance in the number of lower-income families compared to middle- and upper-income families .
Women deserve the right to have an abortion . They won this right in the case of * Roe v. Wade * .
This was a landmark victory for pro-choice women across America .
Without this case , women would probably not be able to make the choice today .
No one should be able to decide whether another person should be allowed to have an abortion .
This includes religious people and the government itself , because if they remove this right who is to say they will not try to remove other rights eventually .
If abortion were to be outlawed again , would this end the practice ?
Few women would continue to seek abortions , whether it be through some unsanitary underground " clinic " or on their own with some primitive tool like a coat hanger or similar device .
Abortion would still be rampant , but now it would have a much higher mortality rate and be more expensive .
Where would all the unwanted children go without abortions ?
The basic plan would be to place them in adoptive homes , but this would cost taxpayers huge sums of money to support .
The average cost to support a child is one hundred twenty-five thousand dollars for eighteen years .
Infant mortality rates would skyrocket also because there would be a higher rate of ignorant and uncaring parents .
The education systems in Iraq and Australia
There is a big difference between Iraq and Australia in their education or study systems , and this stems from the learning styles , as will be shown :
In Iraq , they still prefer the old learning styles where schools provide basic knowledge dependent on the curricula and , at the same time , focus on homework . However , in Australia , they care more about indirect education through songs , painting , and stories , and they don ’ t care about homework because students complete all their work in school .
I think parents in Iraq care more about their children 's results than those in Australia because the level of education in Iraq determines their destiny , as Iraqi people prefer formal jobs over freelance work .
Both Iraqis and Australians believe the knowledge gained through education is not
Hello , my name is Lucio and I am from Mexico City .
Nowadays the environment is facing problems around the world , especially in my city , as it is one of the biggest cities in the world , so four years ago I made the decision to do something to save natural resources .
The first thing I do every day is to put a bucket behind me to collect the water that is wasted , and then it is used to wash the yard .
The second thing that I do is to use energy-saving bulbs in all of my house . With this action , the contamination caused by my house is minimal . The last thing that I do is to close the faucet while I brush my teeth .
I can do more in favor of the environment , but at the moment I am comfortable with the actions I take every day .
Travelling by motorway today is not as easy as it was meant to be by any standards , yet every morning and evening motorways across the United Kingdom are blocked solid with traffic to and from work .
Not only is this ecologically unsound , due to the harmful byproducts of the combustion engine which have been stressed in the press recently , but it is also stressful , time-wasting , and expensive .
Earth has a finite supply of the fossil fuels from which petroleum and diesel for our cars and trains run , but we need to get to work , which could be up to 200 miles away .
Not only are there problems in traveling from A to B , but the likelihood is that if B is any major city , you will waste more time looking for somewhere to park there .
During pre-war Britain , rail was the only means of long-distance travel within the UK , and so the rail system was more efficient , with more frequent trains and many more stations . However , as the motor car became more popular , fewer people used the railway , and the system declined . The smaller demand led to less frequent services at an increased price .
In my opinion , the only way forward is the increased use of public transport systems because of the sheer waste caused by the average two-car family .
The majority of the cars that you will see while travelling at a snail 's pace along the M6 outside Birmingham will be driven by one person with no passengers . If these drivers had offered to give a colleague from work a lift home , the number on the road would effectively be halved .
Cities such as Manchester have tried hard to control the increasing numbers of cars by introducing bypasses and providing multi-storey car parks .
Some cities have even banned cars from entering the city center during work hours , making pedestrian life more enjoyable .
Trams have been reestablished in some cities , allowing people to leave their cars to do their shopping .
This , in my opinion , is the attitude that should be adopted not only by town and city councils but also by the government to reduce the number of cars on the road .
Her first day at school felt like that .
She stood before the great building and began searching for a clue that could help her overcome this feeling of uncertainty , desperation , and terrible curiosity that had invaded her .
The sentence is already correct . What was required of her ?
How was she supposed to reach an agreement and establish a settlement with those beings that looked so much like humans but were not in the least similar to any other person she had ever known ?
They were not animals , they were not machines , they were not automats but they were ready to use her and give her back empty , with neither soul nor mind .
She was there to negotiate an end to the war .
She was alone and there were millions of them .
They had crept in unnoticed .
A whole , soon-to-be-lost civilization was fighting to survive , and its future was in her hands .
They owed her everything , and therefore they had agreed to receive her , but would they listen to her words ?
She knew she would just tell lies , lots of lies , millions of lies , just as there were millions of beings with a reason to fight back against surveillance .
As she climbed the ruined stair through the debris and filthiness , there were still some pieces of corpses remaining nearby and the smell was so disgusting she thought she would puke any time .
Her watch showed 13:13 , which was a good time , as good as any other .
The sun was obscured by a dark rose-colored dust .
In today 's society , it is unrealistic for one to expect to work for a single company or employer for the entirety of their life .
This essay examines this statement from three perspectives : economic , sociological , and legal .
Workers do not gain maximum financial benefits if they work for a single company for a very long time . To attract more competent workers , companies tend to pay more to people who move from another company .
In Japan , for example , many workers conduct job hunting after spending several years at a company in order to get a better job at another company .
Except for those whose primary motivation for work is not money , one needs to think about working for several companies to achieve a better life .
One will be constantly exposed to degrading opinions from society if one stays at a single company for the entirety of one 's life ; some societies consider people who do not change companies less competent .
In Japan again , because there is a social norm that competent workers constantly change jobs in order to get better ones , some people tend to see those who stay at a single company as lacking competence and being less ambitious .
Given today 's social standards , because we are very sensitive to how others see us , we are less likely to work for a single company for a very long time .
Companies gain more benefits if they hire new employees for a short period .
Some countries require a company to hire an individual as a regular worker if they work for more than a specific number of years .
In Japan , for example , with the intention of securing jobs for the youth , companies are required to hire part-time workers as regular , full-time workers after the workers have worked for more than four years .
This has been burdening some companies that hire only part-time workers to reduce personnel costs : as a result , many companies do not renew work contracts after four years .
Again , it is unrealistic for a worker to work for a single company for the rest of their life .
Everything happened three years ago .
His father was very angry with him because Michael was n't the person he had been before .
Michael came home very late one night .
He was associating with people who were a bad influence on him .
They drank every night and were out of control .
That day , Michael 's father spoke with him and gave him one last opportunity to change .
At first , Michael was out of control .
He started yelling at his father and hitting the furniture , so he was unable to hear what his father was saying .
Michael decided to leave because he did n't want to cause any more problems , but it was too late .
If his father had understood why Michael was acting this way , Michael 's father would have punished him severely .
So , Michael closed the door and knew in that moment he had made a mistake .
Hi , Isabel !
Where are you now ?
What are you doing at this moment ?
I 'm in Oxford , United Kingdom , with my best friend , and we are visiting the city .
Now is my new city and I love it .
Oxford is a fantastic and old city in the UK .
There are many shops of any type .
My favorite is Topshop , a clothing shop , and I like everything .
Here there are many interesting universities .
The food is n't good ; I miss Italian food .
With lovely ale
Dear Philip ,
I 've received your letter and will respond to you as soon as possible .
You seem very upset about these two interests .
I think you should n't give up anything you love .
They may exhaust you and leave you no time for a break .
I went through this during my high school years , so I can totally understand what you 're thinking .
I would rather give you some advice on how to take advantage of your time .
It 's better to schedule your daily events , which can reduce wasted time like surfing the Net or watching TV . If you 're still tired , try to take a rest .
It 's fine for a timeout but not for giving up .
I 'm pretty sure it 'll work if you 're willing to give it a try .
Cheer up ! I will always be on your side .
ZUMBA , A HEALTHY AND FUN WAY TO EXERCISE
If you want to keep fit , you should dance Zumba .
Actually , zumba is one of the sports that you can find in every gym .
It is a sport in which people move their whole body as they dance to different kinds of music .
Usually , one session of Zumba lasts around 60 minutes , during which you can burn 600 calories , more or less .
Also , you exercise and , at the same time , you are fine .
Moreover , practising Zumba is an opportunity to meet other people and make new friends .
It is a sport that everyone can practice : children , women , men ... and it is also considered a sport that makes people happy because they learn many difficult dances , see changes in their bodies , look healthier , and thus , their self-esteem improves .
If you do Zumba three times a week and follow a healthy diet , you will lose weight and feel better .
Furthermore , I would like to advise that before each session , you should warm up your muscles to avoid any injury or problem . You must begin carefully because the songs are very fast , and you could get hurt .
Also , you 'll need a lot of water for drinking .
On the other hand , if you feel tired , you can rest for a few songs .
Resting during a song is better than trying to dance to all songs and end up injured .
In addition , after each session , you should stretch your body very well , and thus , the next day you wo n't feel horrible stiffness .
You have to practice Zumba because it 's a lot of fun . You 'll be the king or queen of the dance floor .
My city does not have good transport .
We only have a bus and the system is n't good .
They are late and there are many people .
Governments should invest more money in the system to improve it .
If politicians use the money more correctly , the situation will be much better .
Unfortunately , I can not say that my city is really nature-protective .
The city is quite clean , but all the garbage is transported to scrapyards and stored there .
Some of it burned down , but most of the garbage remains forever .
Well , not forever , maybe , but garbage remains with collectors for an indefinite time .
Several years ago , special garbage containers appeared in my city .
These containers have several compartments for different types of waste .
But when a container becomes full , the dustcart operator pours all the garbage into the same truck !
So naturally , people were not happy to see that , and in less than a month all those containers were abandoned .
The next major environmental problem is industrial waste .
The sentence is already correct . There 's a river in our city which is heavily poisoned with industrial pollution .
Today all factories have filtering systems , but our river is still off-limits for swimming .
Nevertheless , I 'd like to say that our city is changing .
These changes are n't happening quickly , but they are in progress .
I hope that in a couple of years I will be able to say the city is really clean .
People have always viewed themselves as social animals , with living together as the norm .
Family life is one of the frameworks for how we understand ourselves and our relationships but also the way we build our living spaces .
In this essay , I will discuss the advantages and disadvantages of different generations of one family living together in the same house .
In my opinion , there are more advantages , but the worst thing that can happen is the generation gap ( one of the reasons why relationships between teenagers and parents or grandparents can sometimes be difficult ) .
On the other hand , there is nothing better than getting on well with others , especially with people you can rely on and trust .
They are your family , and you are sharing your time and space with them , so if you feel involved , your life will be easier .
All you need is good communication skills and empathy .
You can help each other when necessary , ask for advice , and take part in reasoned discussions .
There are some ways to prevent problems and avoid upsetting each other .
It is important to keep an open mind .
When we act like that , we find that all of us not only survive but thrive .
Finally , family living should be nurtured and supported by all family members because unity is our strength .
Good Deed
It was a pleasant Saturday night in Madrid .
I was at Plenilunio with my friends like any 15-year-old adolescent .
When we were leaving the shopping center , I unexpectedly found a really weird handbag , and I was shocked by the situation .
Finding a bag containing jewelry is not a mundane situation .
When I took the bag to see if there was any document or something that could help me find the owner , my friends were turning a blind eye to me .
I quickly took the bag and left the shopping center surreptitiously while looking for my friends .
Since I could n't find them , I went straight home as if nothing had happened .
When I reached my bedroom , I saw that the exotic boxes I thought carried jewelry actually carried banknotes .
I actually thought it was a dream ; when I reacted , I had been quiet as a mouse for 2 minutes .
What should I do ?
I take the money and act as if nothing has occurred or I try to give the bag back ?
Finally , my regrets convinced me to do a good deed .
Researching something that would help me get the money back , I found someone 's number ; we were actually going to meet when I ran into him on the street .
It was my neighbor !
I gave him the bag and , proud of myself , went back home thinking about what would have happened if I had selfishly kept the money .
The question of a single Europe and whether it implies a loss of sovereignty for Britain has been a subject of considerable debate for some time .
Last November , one of the principal reasons underlying Mrs Thatcher 's resignation was her negative stance against increased involvement in Europe .
Her views were not shared by many of her party colleagues who , on the contrary , were conscious of an all too pressing need for Britain to play an active role in a united Europe .
January 1993 is expected to see the creation of the single European market .
The sentence is already correct . The aims of such a union are essentially economic .
All trade barriers will be broken down to encourage and promote free trade among the countries of Europe , in the belief that increased cooperation will lead to greater productivity .
In order to facilitate trade between different nations , many people are in favour of adopting a common currency , namely the ECU .
This would in turn also have to lead to the formation of a central European bank .
A single Europe , while primarily created as an economic union , will necessarily have implications at a political level .
The European Parliament , of course , already exists , but many people envisage that in a single Europe it will play a more important role and its powers will be extended , possibly surpassing those exercised by individual national governments in Europe and overriding decisions made by them .
For supporters of a single Europe , the question of whether it will entail a loss of British sovereignty is not a primary issue . They would argue first and foremost that Britain can not afford to go it alone and that it is in its interests to join forces with the rest of Europe .
Critics of the European Union , on the other hand , are afraid that increased cooperation in both the economic and political spheres will give rise to a European superpower that will undermine Britain 's sovereignty in these fields .
Personally , I am in favour of a single Europe to the extent that I believe Britain can no longer afford to stand alone in opposition to the other European countries , all of which have long been in favour of such a union .
Moreover , closer cooperation will undoubtedly be favorable and bring about increased productivity and prosperity .
However , I feel hesitant about the prospect of a common currency , at least until such a move might become necessary , as this would certainly mean the loss of British economic sovereignty .
Yet I am even more opposed to the idea of listening to political dictates from Brussels .
If the powers of the European Parliament are extended to the point that it has authority over national governments , our whole democratic political structure will be in grave danger , and Britain will assuredly lose its political sovereignty .
Academic culture differs from one country to another , so it is the most important and challenging task for international students to adjust to the academic culture of Australia for effective learning .
During my studies , I found vast differences in academic culture between Nepal and Australia .
In Nepal , memorizing lessons and rote learning are the basis of higher education .
In contrast , in Australia students are supposed to use online resources for research , referencing , independent study , and critical thinking .
At the beginning , I felt really uncomfortable using online resources , found it difficult to develop my own perspective , and struggled to present a reasoned argument .
However , studying in Australian academic culture is an incredibly exciting and rewarding experience .
There are definite reasons for the differences in academic culture between Nepal and Australia .
In Nepal , university teachers hardly receive training , orientation , or research opportunities to update their knowledge , so they stick with traditional teaching methods .
( Teijlingen , E. , & Simkhada , P. , 2010 ) .
As a result , students fail to access research literature despite their strong academic performance .
On the other hand , in Australia , courses like EAP are usually designed to improve students ' academic language proficiency and the relevant study skills , which will help them throughout their academic lives .
Butterfly bush
Thus , skill-based learning is more useful in our academic lives .
In conclusion , for effective learning at my university , I will access available resources for my research , improve my note-taking skills , interact with teachers and peers in class , attend lectures , and work hard to become an independent learner .
Amongst recent issues , there have been big problems caused by the number of heavy goods vehicles on British roads today .
This amount of traffic on the roads causes severe congestion on motorways such as the M25 in London and the M61 into Manchester . This gridlock on British motorways has led to an increase in gas emissions from car exhausts into the atmosphere , which will eventually contribute to global warming .
A few suggestions have been made to remedy these problems , but they have had no great effect .
A number of these is listed below .
An allowance of better access to Britain 's main industrial centres by the building of large and substantial highways .
A limited number of HGV operators submit only a few lorries from their fleet for use on British roads .
A kind of catalytic converter for diesel engines to reduce some harmful emissions .
Another idea is for the government to introduce some type of tolling system to be used on motorways and main A roads .
A final approach to the problem of congestion on motorways is to make heavy goods transport compulsory by rail only .
Here are only a few suggestions of how to convert British roads , but just these few would be cause for debate .
The problem with these suggestions is that it would cost millions of pounds to put any one of them into practice .
Take the first suggestion , for example : a network of routes into all major industrial cities would cost billions due to the fact that it costs £1 million per mile of motorway .
If there were only a limited number of HGV operators , it would drive a lot of people out of business , and that would n't be in the government 's best interest .
A catalytic converter for diesel engines is a good idea , but it would only reduce gas emissions and not congestion .
All the suggestions I 've made have problems , which is why we still have problems on our roads today .
Dear Sir/Madam ,
My name is Edda Preuß . I am from Germany , and I finished my A-levels this year .
To get some new inspiration and ideas about what I would like to do in the future , I planned to take a reading trip across the USA .
But my plans changed suddenly when I read your advertisement for the summer camp job .
I am a very open-minded person .
I love traveling and exploring different cultures .
Furthermore , I do many sports such as swimming , running , and dancing—Flamenco , Zumba , and Hip-Hop .
I have already worked with children in the past as a swimming teacher for children aged 4 to 7 and also during an internship at a primary school in my town .
I love organizing all sorts of activities , parties , and meals .
I hope you share my opinion that I am the perfect candidate for the job you offer .
I am looking forward to meeting you in person .
Best regards
Edda Preuß
Dear Madam or Sir ,
I was pleased to see your recent report on municipal waste collection , as I have long been interested in the data you published .
It was also great to see that the percentage of landfilled waste is lower compared to other regions , and I was particularly glad to see that the utilisation of waste to recover heat and power has at least begun , even if its proportion is still negligible in the overall treatment of waste .
It is my firm conviction that the proportion of recycled waste needs to grow in the coming year ( s ) while reducing the amount of landfilled waste to avoid the detrimental effects this has on the health of the local population .
Due to this , I would like to propose that you involve locally based companies in decision-making , as they are likely to have a stake in maintaining a clean local environment while being eager to utilise recycled raw materials for their manufacturing processes .
It is imperative that you take my proposal into serious consideration , as the growing number of illnesses caused by toxic waste in the soil increases the municipality 's social security expenditures while ruining the lives of local families .
Yours sincerely
Carlo Paoli
Genetic manipulation has been occurring for many centuries in the form of selective breeding , for both crops and animals .
This technique has been of great benefit to the human race , enabling the production of more food , better food , and new and interesting varieties of food .
Of course , it is not just food that has benefited from selective breeding—the development of different natural fibres such as wool and cotton has also been aided by it .
It is only in very recent times that genetic manipulation has come to be seen as having bad as well as good sides .
This is because we have now reached the stage where scientists can alter an organism by changing its genes in some way .
I do not believe that the scientists who originally began researching the nature of genetics had any idea that it would one day be put to bad ( or good ) use—they simply wanted to find out what it was all about and thus can not be blamed for any later events .
Today , much research is being conducted on human genes to determine how they function and whether they can be altered to prevent diseases .
The scientists who work on this can not be blamed if someone else uses their technique for less philanthropic ends - for example , in biological warfare , or to elimante a 'gay ' or 'criminal ' gene which may be present in human embryos .
Where scientists can be blamed , however , is in the case of genetically engineered tomatoes .
These are now available in a supermarket near you , with their genes altered to increase their redness , juiciness , or resistance to disease .
These tomatoes are probably perfectly safe , but if they , or some other genetically engineered food , prove to cause a terrible disease , then that is the fault of the scientists who developed them , because they did not test them adequately to ensure they were safe .
Similarly , if genetically engineered vaccines or medicines prove to have harmful side effects , that is because they were not adequately tested before being released into the market , and the scientists are to blame .
To whom it may concern :
I am writing this letter because I believe I am a suitable candidate for this position .
I love working with kids and have a lot of experience taking care of them , as well as organizing different activities .
I love working in the kitchen and I am an excellent cook .
Sincerely ,
Natalia
Everyone knows that famous people have a hard life .
They are constantly on my mind , at the center of attention .
Famous people do not actually have much personal time .
Is that right ?
In my opinion , " no . " I think these people deserve freedom .
Celebrities have two lives .
Life comes first for society and the press .
A second life is private without cameras and journalists .
Like any normal person , these people want to silence and rest after a hard day .
Sometimes journalists wait for their " victims " outside houses and restaurants .
It is n't very nice .
They are often asked dirty and unpleasant questions .
Famous people also want to spend time with their family and friends .
I think to solve this problem we need to indicate the time and place where a famous person will give an interview .
Police can arrest journalists if they take interviews in the wrong place .
Then I think this would make the lives of famous people easier .
For one thing , they are people , not machines .
The National Lottery was introduced in Britain in November 1994 .
Since the first draw , it has become increasingly popular , involving millions of people across the country each week .
The proposal of a lottery brought about many objections and complaints .
There were , and still are , two principal concerns the Anti-National Lottery Campaigners still have .
For people living in high society , a 'flutter ' on the National Lottery each week has no effect on their financial position .
These kinds of people can afford to spend £10–20 a week .
The concern lies with the—and I use the term lightly— " working-class citizens . "
These people work hard throughout the year and can not afford to spend copious amounts of money on the lottery .
The problem is that these working men and women and unemployed men and women spend money they ca n't afford .
The second of the two problems is encouraging gambling .
The National Lottery is , after all , another gambling game .
The probability of winning the jackpot is approximately 1 in 14 million , and the probability of winning ten pounds is 1 in 58 .
It is gambling , but more importantly , it is gambling made available to 16-year-olds .
A lot of gambling problems tend to be associated with the scratch cards linked to the lottery .
These can be easily purchased , and the attraction is winning on the spot .
The thought of being rich instantly encourages gamblers young and old and underage to purchase tickets .
However , the National Lottery has its good points .
The lottery has one main advantage .
It has helped charities and societies across the country achieve things that would otherwise have been impossible .
From buying a young child with brain problems a very expensive piece of stimulating equipment to building a new village hall for a small community in the Shetland Islands , the lottery has helped young and old , far and wide .
The lottery has also created jobs , encouraged spending , and given many people happy dreams about what it would be like to be rich .
The National Lottery has its good points and its bad points .
Deciding whether it should have been introduced or not is very much a personal matter and depends on how important you consider the points I have emphasised in this essay .
I believe it is a benefit to the country .
Dear Student Film Club ,
I thought I might help you choose an awesome movie for the club .
Actually a thriller .
I absolutely loved this one because of its amazing actors Leonardo DiCaprio and Blake Lively .
They played a married couple in their early thirties who had just moved to a lake house .
Of course , after a few weeks , strange things started happening .
At night , they heard weird noises and moans coming from the lake .
Furthermore , the woman started to see shadows and movements around the water .
And things only got worse .
I do n't want to give you a huge spoiler and ruin everything , so I 'll just tell you that it gets pretty intense .
Someone is going to die and there is going to be a lot of blood .
I highly recommend watching this thriller .
If you have the guts , you will love it just as much as I did .
Until next time , Lea .
Hi Jo ,
I am so glad to hear from you .
I am very happy that you have decided to come to my city .
This is a great idea because it means we can spend some time together .
First of all , I would like to know how you are going to travel .
From your city to mine , you can travel by plane , train , or bus ; whatever you choose , you have connections to the center of the city , although for me the fastest way is traveling by plane .
From the airport , there are different modes of transport such as buses , trains , or the underground , and they take you to the city in less than half an hour .
Travelling within the city is quite expensive ; however , if you get a one-day travel card , you will save money .
Getting a job is quite a bit harder than last year , but many agencies are looking for employees just for the summer .
You can try to get a job as a waiter or waitress in fast food restaurants , or as a retail assistant in shopping centers .
I hope this helps you .
See you
The author uses a third-person narrator , which employs third-person pronouns such as " his " or " their . "
The story is told through Susan 's eyes .
The narrator knows her feelings and thoughts and is able to see what she sees , but he does not know any of the thoughts or feelings of the other characters .
One point that shows this is the scene in which Susan talks to Annie and wonders what Annie might think about her plan to save the dog .
From all these points , one can conclude that the narrator has a limited point of view .
Another point to analyze is the mode of presentation .
In the short story , we can mostly find scenic presentation .
The events are described in detail , for example when every step of Susan 's such is described .
There is only one exception where the mode of presentation is panoramic , summing up the events of the holidays in the second paragraph .
Furthermore , the story is made up of parts of external action and parts of internal action , such as the interior monologue , where the reader gets to know all of Susan 's thoughts in detail .
" Save Billy " is a short story written in an informal register , recognizable by the use of informal words such as * kiddies * and contractions like * did n't * and * is n't * .
The aim of this study is to verify the research trends in the * Revista Educação Especial * between 2010 and 2013 and to identify the most developed research themes in recent years ; it also identifies themes that were undeveloped or absent in the last four years .
The selection of the journal must be justified because it is a journal with wide consolidated dissemination and which publishes only articles on Special Education .
This is a bibliographic research with qualitative and quantitative approaches .
The articles analyzed were accessed from the journal site , resulting in 134 articles .
The collected information was organized into frameworks outlining developed themes and indicating the number of articles discussing each subject . It was also tabulated by institution , whether the article included participants or not , and who the participants were .
The results showed that the institutions publishing the most in the journal are the Universidade Federal de São Carlos and Universidade Federal de Santa Maria , with the majority of research not presenting participants , followed by studies with interventions conducted with professionals .
The most published topics are Special Education and School Inclusion ; the least published are prevention and defining disability .
Noticing that some disabilities are poorly studied or lack effective interventions , as in the case of global developmental disorders , there is great concern about working with autism , but little or almost nothing is presented on the other conditions that fall into this group .
Another example relates to the articles dealing with the issue of deafness , where we can verify only one out of twelve associated with cochlear implantation .
The doorbell rang .
When I opened the door , imagine my surprise when I saw Maria Shaw , my favourite singer , in front of me .
She looked as beautiful as I had seen in her clips , but a bit worried .
I need help . I 'm completely lost and need to get to Valencia .
Furthermore , my car is broken , " she said , and I replied , " There 's no problem . "
I 'm going to take you to your concert .
It was very exciting because no one had visited me at my cottage before , but that day my luck changed .
During my journey with Maria , I asked her many questions .
She was very friendly and told me a lot of jokes .
She invited me to the concert , and it was wonderful . I had tried to buy tickets , but it was impossible because they had been sold in less than an hour .
The best moment of the night was when she dedicated a song to me and later invited me to supper with all her staff .
I met such a marvellous woman that day .
I think many people travel by car because it 's easy , but when you 're on the road with your own car , there are a lot of disadvantages .
One of these is traffic : if you take the tube , you will probably not stay in a tail for minutes , and you will move faster underground .
Most people almost did n't realize the true potential of public transport .
Many of them think that moving with their own car is better .
The high number of cars is really damaging to the environment , and pollution increases every day .
I hope there will be a future for public transport that is more effective than the car .
I think there are advantages and disadvantages to cars .
An advantage is that you can go anywhere you want with your car , but a major disadvantage is the traffic .
Another disadvantage is finding a parking space for the car in city centers .
Public transport also has advantages and disadvantages .
For example , public transport has designated stops , but sometimes it is a little late .
But a major advantage , especially for the underground , is the complete absence of traffic .
Old computers were much larger and more complicated to handle than recent ones .
They could n't access the Internet because there simply was no such thing .
You had to control the device by typing instructions in specific ways that few people knew .
There were n't any mice and it was impossible to connect anything wirelessly .
Old computers allowed one to play only a small number of games .
Not all of these features made computers very popular among common people ; instead , they were used almost exclusively by scientists and mathematicians .
Nobody uses them nowadays !
They were far less practical and comfortable than our current everyday devices .
In fact , there is no future for public transportation .
As far as public transport is concerned , there does not seem to be a way forward unless they can reduce the enormous amounts of petrol needed to fuel it .
In my view , the type of transport to which we are accustomed will gradually diminish .
On the other hand , the vehicle industry has managed to create efficient electric cars , insofar as they do not need petrol .
This is a huge advance for the environment and also a huge problem for the development of public transport .
Each year , more and more new electric models from Toyota and other brands can be seen .
Far from being only a benefit for the environment , this fact is also positive for travellers , who will see a significant reduction in travel costs with this new type of car , which is causing a direct decrease in the use of public transport .
At this point , one thing seems clear for the public transport industry : its future depends on how it will be able to make trains , buses , or planes more efficient .
Why ?
There are two reasons : price and environmental protection .
Yesterday I was at the beach with my grandpa and my dog Willi .
Willi is a two-year-old beautiful poodle , which I got as a Christmas present .
Well , Willi likes hunting , so my grandpa threw his stick into the water for him .
Immediately Willi turned and ran for the stick .
He was back a minute ago .
A strange man then came to us .
He was tall and slim and wore a coat .
He kept a stick in his hand , but his was bigger than my grandpa 's .
As he saw Willi , he threw his stick into the water too and wanted Willi to fetch it .
But he didn ’ t want to catch the man ’ s stick , so he turned around and walked away .
Of course we left with him .
The man was shouting at us to come back for a minute but then he stopped .
The stick was still lying on the water , so he had no choice but to jump into the water for it .
Although the man was angry , it was very funny for us .
Do you agree or disagree ?
The more money people have , the more they should give to charity .
Nowadays , more and more people discuss whether it is the responsibility of a person who possesses more money to
Consider donating more money to charity .
Some people think that the more money a rich man has , the more useless it is , so he should give it away .
He set aside a portion of his fortune for charity .
By doing this , he can use them to maximum effect . I can not agree .
This idea .
The sentence is already correct .
Money can be used not only for donating to charity but also for achieving a perfect daily life .
If we want to live
The longer we live , the more we have to maintain a happy mind every day .
To maintain a happy mindset , some people shop every day .
When they
See what they want to buy , and they buy it without the slightest hesitation .
Therefore , they can be happy .
Live every day .
Besides buying what you want , money can also help build a more wonderful world .
There are many
Diseases that can not be cured .
Therefore , rich men can use their fortunes to build a group that is made up of the
An excellent biological scientist to research new , useful medicines to save more lives .
Furthermore , giving money to charity is not a privilege only for rich people , so common people can too .
Donate money to a philanthropic organization .
Some people think living a simple life is the best thing for them .
Therefore , ordinary people donate a portion of their wealth to charity and simply live ordinary lives .
It is
They are so kind that they have great lives every day .
Dear Mrs. Ashby ,
I am writing to apply for the position of COOK , as seen in your advertisement .
I am a 25-year-old girl and I am a student .
I love cooking .
I am interested in many exotic cultures , for example Chinese and Japanese food .
What drew us to Facebook ?
More than 500 million users log on to the site every day , but many of them bemoan Facebook as a time-suck even though they could spend this time more productively on work , schoolwork , or real face time with family and friends .
But something keeps drawing us in , fueling our use of Facebook : it can boost our self-esteem , satisfy our need for connectedness and self-promotion , and help us maintain offline relationships .
But we do n't use Facebook in the same way ; there are the sociable , the lonely , and the narcissistic , who go on Facebook to satisfy different needs .
The University psychologist Stefan Hofmann found out that we use Facebook to satisfy two needs .
On the one hand , we need to belong , and on the other , we need self-presentation .
Facebook satisfies both of those basic needs , Hofmann says .
Some people consider Facebook a blessing for interpersonal connections .
But other people think Facebook makes us lonely and removes contact with real friends .
Social Psychology shows that Sheldon spends a lot of time on Facebook , which is associated with both high levels of feeling connected to other people and high levels of disconnection .
A new study suggests that we gain some psychological benefits even from passively viewing our own profiles .
In a 2011 study of about 300 college students , researchers Amy Gonzales and Jeffrey Hancock found that students who were asked to look at their own Facebook page for just three minutes showed a boost in self-esteem compared with control groups who either looked in a mirror or simply sat in a room for three minutes .
The researchers suspect this is due to our ability to self-select what other people can see on our profile .
Facebook can allow people to access information they would n't otherwise know—such as a new job opportunity or a news story they might have missed .
The more different kinds of people you have in your network , the better your chances of getting useful information .
Researchers believe social networking is likely to continue growing .
The doorbell rang .
Imagine my surprise when I opened the door .
I was shocked .
He looked like Luke Guinan .
I wondered how that could really be .
I looked at him , and he looked at me .
I was totally sure .
The sentence is already correct .
I cried , " Oh my fucking god , you 're Luke Guina , right ? I 'm probably your biggest fan . "
How is it that I met you at our school ?
I 've been to so many concerts and never had the chance to speak to you .
He laughed and answered : " Wow , I did n't think anybody knew me in this school . "
Well , my band is n't very famous right now , but thank you for these compliments .
I 'm really glad about them .
I go to school here starting now . " We had a nice conversation , and I finally found a very good friend in Luke . "
I love the music of his band and maybe I will be part of the group as a second singer .
I would like to write about my family .
I am a mother of two grown children .
I am a part-time employee working in a laboratory as a specimen receptionist .
I have been working there for almost nine years .
I came to the United Kingdom in 2004 with my husband and children .
My husband came here as a student to study for his PhD . At the beginning , I was the only one who earned money in the family .
Because of that , it was difficult to meet our young children 's daily needs .
At that time , my daughter was a teenager .
Initially , she had to struggle to adjust herself to a completely new environment .
But I am happy to say that after ten years of hardship , my husband managed to find a proper job , and my daughter has become a sensible , smart woman . At the moment , she is studying for a degree in developmental physiology .
Dear Grace ,
You had a serious accident that changed your life forever .
It 's normal to feel depressed now and think life is n't worth living , but you must consider all the beautiful things you can still do , even if you do them differently .
You need to think positively and try to enjoy yourself . Don ’ t dwell on the past—just live your life in the present . Don ’ t be discouraged , and don ’ t let this problem change your life .
Even if it seems impossible to be optimistic , it depends only on you ; you need to want it .
In order to determine whether crime pays , one should first define what is meant by the word " pays . "
If a person gains $ 100 in a jewelry store theft but uses ten dollars ' worth of gas to get away , cuts his hand on a broken window and pays $ 50 in medical bills , and spends another $ 50 for a hideout hotel room , then his crime has actually left him ten dollars in the hole .
However , the question of whether crime pays requires a deeper level of " pay " than simple dollars-and-cents accounting .
In criminal work , payoffs must be weighed against the gains made from crime versus all types of losses that occur as a result .
One issue to consider is the type of capital loss illustrated above , which can be viewed as a loss .
Crime , like any other small business , requires an investment .
Time is one investment .
If the time involved in planning and carrying out a crime does not result in a gain that justifies that time expenditure , then the crime has not paid off .
Whether crime pays in this instance depends on how much money a criminal could make in a legitimate field .
If the criminal can only expect to earn minimum wage in a legal job , then crimes may not pay enough to justify the time spent .
If a criminal is well-educated and can function in one of the professions , then their crimes must earn more .
Other capital investments in crime could include equipment such as getaway cars , dynamite , weaponry , and disguises .
Mafia and police payoffs could be involved .
Dealing in stolen property or other contraband may require splitting money earned with other involved parties .
A criminal 's income must be enough to cover all these expenditures .
Another type of loss to be considered is the loss of mental or physical health and well-being .
Violence is often a part of crime .
The cost of taking a gunshot or knife wound to the leg is more than just the medical bills .
It might be an injury that keeps someone from ever working again .
Very few criminals have workers ' compensation .
The stress that arises from the constant risk of injury and incarceration is a cost in itself and could lessen both a person 's lifespan and enjoyment of life .
Legal problems could result in both capital losses and health-related losses .
Lawyers can be very expensive , and if a defendant chooses to avoid the financial loss of hiring a more expensive attorney , they could pay with the loss of their health from being imprisoned .
Even if someone is not imprisoned , prolonged legal entanglements can be very stressful and unhealthy .
Does crime pay ?
In some cases it may be so , but the small criminal businessman must deal with the same risks as the legitimate businessman .
Larger criminal organizations will always seek to drive him out of business , and he may have to work long hours for small profits .
However , he outperforms the legitimate businessman on one count : no taxes .
In my hometown of Kalamazoo , the invention of the shopping mall has changed the lives of the people in our town and the town itself .
While many people enjoy and use shopping malls , I believe they are more of a detriment than a blessing .
Kalamazoo , like most American cities , began by surrounding the central means of transportation .
Cities were first located near water , then near train tracks , and then began to be located farther away due to the inventions of trucks and cars .
Downtown Kalamazoo was once a thriving district .
Near the train station were the large industries and other essential specialized stores for everyday supplies .
Homes and neighborhoods were located outside the central city ; however , many stores had several floors of apartments above them to accommodate families living in them .
Everyone was near the central city , so everyone could use it .
Rich and poor alike had easy access to the central city 's offerings .
Throughout history , the trend has been for the rich to get richer and the poor to remain poor .
While the rich grew richer , they began building specialized shops and strip malls outside the city limits .
And the wealthier moved from the inner city ( with help from the invention of the automobile ) to the suburbs , where they could keep a distance from the busy inner city .
While the wealthier began moving away from the inner city , the poor and lower working class remained due to a lack of transportation or money to move outward .
This process has left businesses in inner cities , including Kalamazoo , without a stable clientele .
Why should we—those of us with cars—go downtown where the poorer people are and have to shop outside , going from one specialized store to another , when I can go to a nice indoor mall that has everything ?
Businesses that could move out of the downtown district did so and still do , relocating in strip malls near the main malls or in the malls themselves .
I believe only the store owners who realize this process is occurring or enjoy the downtown district remain in business .
Many larger factories and office buildings still remain downtown .
And executives and business people rely on commuting to and from the city daily without taking advantage of what was once a thriving neighborhood .
And it still could be !
One feature that attracts businesses is colleges .
Kalamazoo has one large university , one private college , and two community two-year colleges .
Colleges .
The large and private universities are within walking distance of downtown Kalamazoo , so many businesses try to cater to our tastes—clubs , cafés , and other stores .
Another attempt at reinstating success is downtown festivals .
We have many , and they always attract people from the suburbs .
This disintegration of the inner city is detrimental to the people it affects—the poor and the lower middle class .
Their neighborhoods do n't get financial support , and money is n't spent in the stores near them .
If they had more money and could leave , the majority would .
Shopping malls , strip malls , and the flight of upper-class Americans from the inner cities will only hurt those who ca n't escape in the end—in fact , it already is hurting businesses and lives in downtown districts .
Hello .
Firstly I would like too intraduce myself so I 'm 32 years and I come from Poland .
The first time I checked this website , I thought it was too difficult .
For me , but today I 'll try writing something using this too .
The website .
I chose this subject , but I do n't have any idea what I should write .
So
Maybe I 'll try to write something about myself for you .
What I do in my life and why I am here .
First and foremost , what I want to say is that I have
I started learning English 2 years ago .
Privately , I work as a firefighter . It 's attractive but also very
This is not a complete sentence . Could you provide a full sentence ?
For me , English is really important , and I feel much better when
I go somewhere and can talk with people from different places .
The country .
I often travel , which is why from time to time I can use English .
The
The second advantage of why I try to learn this language is that I need it .
This sentence is incomplete . Could you provide the full sentence ?
I remembered the situation from two years ago when some firefighters were
My company was visited by representatives from England , and they stayed in Poland for two weeks .
We went with them to some kind of social event where we
Our experience with them could change .
I felt really bad when I could n't cooperate with the team .
England .
That 's why I 'm here ; my friend from Poland sent me your address .
Thanks so much for your help .
Best wishes , Patrick
The advancement in technology has a major influence on transportation systems , and the new roadways are more convenient to travel on .
As personal transportation provides more convenient options for people , the public transport system is losing its market .
The market for personal vehicles has become cheaper and safer than before ; a major hike in their growth is seen .
Nowadays , people who are more professional are quite keen to save their valuable time by shifting from scheduled public transport to personal cars . Luxury and speed have become status symbols for car owners , and it is even a better way to avoid public interaction and annoyance .
New multitasking lifestyle better suits the preference for personal cars , to keep and carry all those things one needs .
Since Maggie 's class won the prize in the basketball competition , their teacher took them to a nature reserve to observe animals .
Maggie and her best friends were so excited that they kept taking pictures with animals .
Halfway through the tour , they went to the hippo area .
Fortunately , the hippo mother gave birth last month .
The baby hippo was so cute that Maggie wanted to get a closer picture with it .
However , little Maggie didn ’ t know that her mother was nearby and assumed that she was attacking her baby .
The mother ran out of the river and chased Maggie .
As the teacher saw the scene , she called the staff at the reserve to save Maggie from the horrible hippo .
After a few minutes , several strong men came and shot it with a tranquilizer dart .
It was such a stroke of fortune that no one was injured .
Nevertheless , Maggie sincerely regretted being a troublemaker .
She has vowed to stay away from wild animals , no matter how gentle they might look .
During the 20th century , there were several worldwide discoveries that significantly influenced people 's lives .
I think the most significant discovery or invention depends on the individual .
Every individual holds a different perspective on life and what they consider valuable and important .
I chose cultural awareness , understanding prejudice , and discrimination as my topic because I greatly value all of humanity and believe that all people should learn to live in peace .
Cultural and racial equality is a goal that , as a society , we are striving for .
People are coming to realize that racism is almost inherent in today 's society .
As individuals , we are constantly surrounded by racist and discriminatory media language and advertising .
In the past , this type of discrimination , which includes not only black African Americans but also other ethnicities and women , has been accepted as a way of life .
Few individuals have been courageous enough to challenge the deeply bred stereotypes , inequality , and demand freedom and equality .
Numerous hidden talents , strong wise personal voices , and the great knowledge and learning that result from human experience and suffering have been buried under the ignorance of our society .
However , we are beginning to move in a new direction today .
People understand that prejudice and discrimination are not consciously learned , but they must be unlearned .
Together as a society , and as part of a much larger world , we are recognizing the value in learning from differences .
Cultural differences are no longer ignored or concealed but are instead being celebrated .
Organizations and firms are currently seeking new ways to address discrimination and racism .
The opportunity to learn about the vast world around us is opening up ; the availability to study cultural differences and reflect the knowledge on ourselves is improving .
Unlearning prejudice may not seem like a traditional discovery , but it is very significant to the development and peaceful existence of all humanity .
As human beings , we need each other , and we need to be willing to accept those who are different .
The advantage of being famous is mainly that you have more privileges than other people , like entering places without waiting in line or even not paying your bill in some cases .
On the other hand , in my opinion , it has more bad things than good ones .
Everyone can recognize you , so they might bother you to ask for a signature .
You ca n't move freely anywhere , and you have to hide to rest from the crowds .
In my view , that 's all .
Hello , I 'm Alisa , a 27-year-old Italian girl . I would like to apply for this job opportunity as my dream is to go to the USA .
Moreover , this way seems to be perfect for realizing it .
I think to be a suitable person to complete your staff , I have had already experiences with children . I like to work with them , they are so genuine and fantasious , basically you do n't work for them but " with " them .
I adore children , and they usually love me .
I 'm a cheerful , willing , educated person .
I speak Italian as my mother tongue and have a good level of English and French .
I have been playing volleyball for 12 years and have attended a theatre course . I also have a degree in fine arts , so I should be able to organise sports and creative activities easily .
Furthermore , I have a pastry degree , and I 'm not afraid to work in the kitchen—cooking and baking are some of my favorite hobbies .
I hope my candidacy will be considered .
Best regards ,
Alisa
For as long as humans have been alive , they have invented things .
Important early discoveries included the wheel and the use of fire .
In the long line of such discoveries , modern man has continuously found new ways to make his life easier .
So , naturally , when humans invented the washing machine , millions of lives were made simpler .
The washing machine , in those houses that own one , has almost become a necessity .
In case of a fire in the house , many people might be seen running frantically through the streets , clutching the machine tightly to their chests .
In today 's society , being without a washing machine or any other electric gadget seems devastating .
Whatever would a college student do without a washing machine ?
Is there time for us to hand wash our clothes ?
The mere thought of washing clothes by hand causes panic in most teenagers , students , and adults alike .
This modern invention , the washing machine , has put the fear of hand-washing clothes into the hearts of many .
Give the average adult a washboard and soap and tell them to do a load of laundry , and watch the panicked look on their face .
Thus , it is easy to see that while washing machines , microwaves , toaster ovens , and millions of other gadgets facilitate our modern lives , they also aid us in our modern habit of rushing around .
These " wonders " make it easier to spend less time on manual labor .
Is that really all that bad ?
Many housewives insist on its benefits , and I would have to agree .
But the washing machine is just another invention in a long line of inventions that make our lives easier , yet don ’ t allow us to exercise or use our muscles .
It is no small wonder that in today 's " modern " society , as we continuously use our " modern gadgets , " we are increasingly in need of diet programs and other such systems .
Yes , the old days were hard , but was Weight Watchers ever an issue ?
Nowadays , more and more parents are starting to teach their children at home instead of sending them to school .
This might not be a bad idea at all , but it also has some disadvantages that I would like to discuss .
First , we should take into account that parents are n't usually specialized in all fields of study : even if they have a degree in history , they may not know how to help their children with a math problem .
Besides , staying at home rather than going to school reduces the opportunities for meeting new people and making friends .
This is n't a good thing for children because that way they are n't socializing , and when the moment comes to have a job interview , they wo n't really know how to behave .
On the other hand , having the chance to learn at home helps some students who , due to their complicated situation—such as an illness— can not go to school like other children .
To sum up , I consider that children should study at school if they can afford it , because in most cases , parents do not have the same knowledge as teachers .
Boxing is one of the most popular sports of this era ; it is also one of the most deadly .
During a fight , a boxer may receive several hundred punches to the head , and each time he gets punched , he loses more and more brain cells .
The brain is encased in the skull , but not only is the brain in the skull—it is also protected by a liquid shock absorber .
Even though there is protective liquid , the brain still gets bounced against the skull , damaging it more and more each time .
So , a boxer who has been boxing for a number of years—ten , for example—and retires is very likely to have brain damage , which could be very severe or hardly noticeable , but the damage is still there .
Getting away from the long-term effects to the short-term effects , yes , brain cells are still being killed , but when a boxer receives a very strong punch directly to the face , not only would it damage his nose , eyes , teeth , and general facial features , but it could also cause him to enter a coma , hemorrhage , or die .
Another aspect to which many people are quite opposed is the absolutely huge salaries that top-ranked boxers receive .
The question people have is : is that person really worth several million pounds ?
Fighting another top-ranking boxer might only last a couple of rounds .
Another adaptation of cost is the expense of having so many medical units and doctors at the fight when they could be elsewhere , in more important places , where people are n't being paid to fight .
The major influence keeping boxing going is all the people around the world who enjoy watching the sport ; there is an incredibly big demand for it .
Boxing is one of the most popular sports , and banning it would be difficult .
Not only does it satisfy viewers , but many companies also sponsor boxing , bringing in a lot of advertising revenue and capital for them .
A study group is a group of people who gather to discuss topics they have chosen .
So , if you join a study group , you can understand what others ' ideas are and how they think about this problem .
Also , you can exchange your ideas with others so that there will be a discussion about them .
Through this discussion , I think we can understand our own thoughts and others ' opinions more clearly .
Another benefit is that you can seize the opportunity to express yourself efficiently and methodically ; that is , your speaking skills will improve .
However , why do some people still study by themselves ?
In my opinion , I need to consider one question deeply by myself .
Sometimes , too many other thoughts disturb me !
Maybe I will become a person who only listens to others ' ideas and never thinks for myself if I depend on study groups too much .
Joining study groups is a good way to inspire your learning motivation , but don ’ t forget—sometimes you have to leave yourself alone and consider what you ’ ve learned calmly .
My favourite sport is football . I first saw it nine years ago , and I liked it so much .
Chelsea played against Bolton , and Chelsea won 5–1 .
I have a lot of new feelings because I have never liked it and never watched it before .
I noticed that Lampard was a leader of that team and he scored twice in that game .
Now , I have been supporting Chelsea for nine years and I can assume that it was love at first sight .
My advice for people who play is to never give up playing and supporting that club which gave you a chance to play and be a part of that team .
Respect your coach even if he is very strict .
You have to put a lot of effort into this stuff if you want to reach your goals and aims .
You have to be ready to get through a lot of traumas and injuries and problems that you will meet on your road to success .
If you put in a lot of effort now and are strong enough to get through , you will be proud and achieve everything you wanted to achieve .
Dear Thomas ,
Recently , you asked me about a place you were about to visit .
I think there 's a perfect spot for you !
In the heart of Katowice , there is an apartment with a specific aura of mystery .
This attic flat was used as a painting studio by the famous Silesian painter and performer Andrzej Urbanowicz , who died a year ago .
The place holds a fascinating story of underground culture in Silesia .
For quite a long time ( especially in the 60s ) , the studio was frequented by lots of bohemian artists , where they could follow occult and Buddhist practices as well as paint some psychedelic pieces of art .
The apartment was at some point close to Andy Warhol 's famous studio , which was rented back in the 1960s in New York City .
Urbanowicz had created a fantastic place full of rather peculiar yet fascinating objects and a Far East atmosphere—there were loads of figurines , paintings , old lamps , carpets , and dolls reminiscent of those from horror films such as * Child 's Play * .
Some time ago , I took the opportunity to experience this magical aura for myself .
Just for once , the apartment had been turned into a temporary cinema for those who came to see Nina Menkes 's film * The Phantom Love * , which fit in with the surroundings just perfectly .
I must say I ca n't imagine a better place to experience the Silesian history of art , so I recommend it to you from the bottom of my heart .
Yours sincerely
Patrycja .
Experience is the only thing that matters if you love what you do , which is why I have helped you prepare for your concert .
I can say that experience is demonstrated through practice and theory . You have to like what you do , and I helped with a lot of love because I admire the job .
I gained a lot of experience from my expeditions through many countries , played as a DJ in clubs , and felt so good when I saw many people gather at my concerts .
I try my best to make people feel good and have fun with my music . What I can say is that I truly love what I do , which is why I helped you with ease .
I hope you will go , get ready , and look very well . Please send me an email back with your successful experiences .
In my area , I gained all this experience , and I feel like a happy man .
Now that I 've gotten away , I 'm a talented artist .
With all due respect , I welcome you as a friend , and again I say it was a pleasure to help you !
It is said that boxing , described as a barbaric sport , should be banned , as it has been known to lead to deaths and brain damage among fighters .
The constant pounding of the head during a match does n't necessarily take its toll immediately , but as a boxer 's career continues , the chances of them having some kind of serious brain damage are fairly high .
Is it right that we watch with excitement as someone is repeatedly battered about the head until they can no longer stand ? Could this not affect our general attitude toward violence—children brought up to " worship " idols such as Frank Bruno as he pummels someone into a hazy blur ?
Should boxing be banned ?
My answer to all these questions is no .
Maybe boxing is brutal , but fighting is part of human nature , and I feel there is no point in trying to stop people from fighting in controlled circumstances .
Who has the right to tell someone whether they can take a chance and face the risk of death ?
If boxing were banned , where would we draw the line—skiing ?
Is it mountaineering ?
Is it diving ?
Darts ? I feel it is a human right to be allowed to face the risk of death , and a matter of personal opinion whether you watch it or not . Boxing is usually on late at night ; children only watch it if their parents allow them to .
I think boxing should be encouraged in run-down inner-city areas such as Moss Side . Boxing is popular there ; it gives young lads a focus in life and a target .
Many of the best boxers came from such areas ; in my opinion , they are better off boxing than stealing cars , taking drugs , and shooting each other .
Banning boxing is simply unnecessary ; if it were banned , it would simply continue underground .
This would mean that boxing would become a much more dangerous sport , as expert medical attention and proper match control would n't be ensured , and the use of pads might also be ignored .
The only suitable action to be taken would be to increase safety regulations , i.e .
Consider requiring head guards and better gloves in all fights , or shortening the length of fights to cut down on some of the constant pounding .
Entertainment gained !
Sports have been throughout history one of the many entertaining things to watch .
The international survey announced by Sports Watch caught my attention , and I would like to lay my life bare .
First , most of us enjoy watching football .
Is there always someone who will not stop commenting on the unbelievable new situation happening in the match ?
Although I am a girl , football is one of the main sports I watch on TV .
My eyes sparkle when I wait for a score to decide the match or when a red card is given unfairly .
The second option would be skiing .
I enjoy this sport and feel a sense of admiration for those who practice it .
Preparing for many obstacles while chasing the time and finish line is amazing .
You need to focus , have a lot of energy , and , most importantly , strength .
Not everyone can cope with that , which is something to be recognized .
Are you considering an influence on the way sports developed ?
In my opinion , traditions remain even in the 21st century , and sports differ from country to country .
On the whole , it does seem that watching sports entertains people from all over the world .
When making banknotes , the background color , artwork , and security features should first be designed carefully .
Then , skilled machinists prepare the metal plates .
What 's more , printing is a very important step for thinking about sheets , color , special ink , and so on .
While the most important step is inspection .
In this step , good quality sheets , bad sheets , and partially damaged sheets would be produced .
The good parts of partially damaged sheets will be cut into separate banknotes , packed , and dispatched for packaging and distribution with high-quality sheets .
While the bad sheets and bad parts will be destroyed for disposal , they will be properly disposed of .
Famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
I definitely agree with this statement .
We are all human .
That means everyone deserves privacy .
It does not matter who we are , even in public life .
Film stars should sometimes be awarded for their patience in confronting journalists .
The spicy news about politicians and other celebrities like film stars is most sought after in our lives today .
The truth is that politicians should take responsibility for their decisions in government and take into consideration the words they say .
It also covers film stars because they are the last word for the youth of a nation .
In my opinion , there should be some hard borders that paparazzi can not cross .
They should n't hound celebrities during their holidays or when they have family problems or just personal issues .
Today 's people are feeding on gossip .
We live in the 21st century , so people who decide to be public figures should be aware of facing photographers and pushy paparazzi who want to poke their noses into their private lives by any means .
One of the most incredible 20th-century discoveries , in my opinion , is the cellular telephone .
Many people buy them to take with them wherever they go so they can receive calls at any time .
The sentence is already correct .
The cellular telephone has changed people 's lives in many ways , the main one being the ability to be reached at any time .
Communication is readily available in cars and on the streets nowadays .
People can use their car phones in case of an emergency , such as if they are stranded or broken down .
They can take their cell phones on vacation and to their friends ' houses if they are expecting an important call .
To me , it seems a bit ridiculous , but many people feel they need easy access to a phone .
Another way cellular telephones have affected people 's lives is the increased accident rate among those talking on their phones while driving .
When someone concentrates more on their telephone conversation and less on their driving , they are more likely to get into an accident .
This often happens when people are in heavy traffic and are n't concentrating on the car in front of them .
Cellular phones also have a negative aspect .
Cellular telephones are also very costly .
They are expensive to buy , install , and use .
Whether you are making a call from a cellular phone or receiving one , it costs a lot of money .
Although most people who can afford to buy a cellular phone can afford to pay the bills !
The other day , I called my father at his office from Madrid . On his " party line , " he was able to connect my sister in Santa Barbara and my mother in Los Angeles on her car phone .
I find it truly amazing that it 's possible to speak with four people at once , especially when one person is in Spain and another is in a car !
The sentence is already correct .
Each year , a new amazing product astonishes me even more .
I 'm starting to wonder when we 'll have robots cleaning our houses and driving us around .
The scary thing is that it 's just around the corner !
My most memorable trip was a trip to Hue with my family .
When I entered university , my parents decided to give me a wonderful trip .
I felt so amazing because my family created interesting memories together .
I spent one week in the ancient city .
I visited many sights in Hue , such as the peaceful Perfume River , Trang Tien Bridge , Thien Mu Pagoda , and the like .
Moreover , I gained a clear understanding of Vietnamese history by visiting the beautiful tombs of the Nguyen Kings .
I have extensive experience in making " Nón Lá , " a beautiful symbol of the Vietnamese people .
Hence , I learned about one of the traditional crafts in Vietnam .
Furthermore , I enjoyed many dishes with ethnic flavors .
Besides , I had dinner on the imperial boat and enjoyed Nha Nhac Cung Dinh Hue .
The sentence is already correct . It was recognized in 2005 by UNESCO as a Masterpiece of the Oral and Intangible Heritage of Humanity .
I prided myself on Vietnamese culture .
This was an excellent experience for me .
Through it , I 'd broaden my knowledge about its cultures , religions , customs , and the like .
Special , it brought me beautiful emotions and memories with my family .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing with reference to your advertisement in the * Jornal da Madeira * on Wednesday , 14th February . I would appreciate it if you could send me a more detailed description of your English course .
Could you give me information about the schedule , the number of students in a group , and the tuition cost ?
Moreover , it is important to me that teachers are native speakers .
I am interested in joining the course , particularly the B2 level .
Are there any vacancies in the group ?
I would also like to know whether you accept the results of my tests , which confirm my knowledge , or if I will have to take the test at your school .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully
Nadya Razorenova
My favorite sport is tennis .
In my free time , I like to watch plays from around the world on television .
When I was a child , I started playing tennis , but I broke my arm and couldn ’ t continue .
I would like to know about the life of a famous tennis player .
I admire a tennis player who is a top sportsperson .
His name is Roger Federer , the best tennis player in the world for many years .
He was born in Suisse 36 years ago .
When he played in the finals , he always stayed calm and had a positive attitude .
He has been the best player since he was young .
He has been playing tennis for 26 years .
He is the kind of person who always plays one point at a time .
He has built up a fortune of at least 100 million dollars and was the world 's highest-paid tennis player .
He has a beautiful family with four children : two twin boys and two twin girls .
He ran a nonprofit organization to help the children .
His wife always follows him . I think he is a great person and the best tennis player .
Network analyses in political and economic research : organizations and institutions
1 . Basic network concepts ;
The sentence is already correct . Here it is unchanged : 2 . Practical application .
Foresight into the development ;
Software for Interdisciplinary Research .
Interdisciplinary network theory can be applied in a number of research studies due to its strong empirical orientation .
Flexibility is achieved by adapting graph theory algorithms to many issues .
As a first example , we adapt the methodology and tools of network analysis to the concept of political networks to optimize the interaction among various international actors .
In the second case , we examine the results of network analyses of the university 's partnerships .
The university identifies the key areas of its activity for its contribution to the development of the territory .
Over the past few years , our monarchy has gone from one scandal to the next , from one disaster to another .
The British public has been made to realise that the Royal Family runs just like any normal family , only with a lot more money .
Many people are now questioning the value of even retaining the Monarchy .
Not so long ago , people thought that our royals were carefree and lived ideal lives .
The sentence is already correct .
No sooner had she married Prince Andrew than things started to go wrong .
Public scandal surrounded their relationship , and their break-up marked the start of a downhill slide for the monarchy .
Yet again , only recently , with the announcement that Prince Charles and his wife , Princess Diana , have been given permission by the Queen to divorce , we have been shown that no family is perfect .
Their separation , of course , followed Charles ' affair with Camilla Parker Bowles .
Some people say we should not have a monarchy where members cheat on one another , and many certainly think Prince Charles has no right to become king .
Many people argue that we can not afford a monarchy , even though the Queen now pays tax .
This was highlighted by the fire at Windsor Castle , for which the taxpayer had to foot the bill .
I feel that we should retain the monarchy .
They are our country 's heritage and other countries envy us for our monarchy .
They give our country something to be proud of ; who has never dreamed of being royal ?
About Me
Hi , I 'm Adal Reuterswärd and I 'm 13 years old , turning 14 in January .
I have two sisters , Siri , who is 11 years old , and Lotte , who is 2 years old ; she 's very annoying .
All of us were born in Danderyd , but we moved here when I was 4 , and we have lived here since then .
Before that , I think we lived in Sollentuna or somewhere , I 'm not sure .
I love skiing , which I do two or three times a week , sometimes four .
But only in winter , of course . I also dance on Mondays , practice at home , and play the guitar .
Otherwise , I love to paint and watch a lot of TV shows , like * Pretty Little Liars * , * The Vampire Diaries * , * Glee * , and more .
All of them are American , so I 'm kind of used to it—that 's what I like to speak .
My favorite is * The Vampire Diaries * ; it 's the most exciting , but the next episode comes out—I think October third—so I have to wait until then .
I have visited Paris a couple of times , and I really like it there .
My grandparents live there , but they are n't from France ; they just moved there .
I do n't know why—it 's a nice place , I guess .
They moved there with my dad and their other daughter , my aunt , when he was about 14 or so .
My favorite books , I think , have to be all the Harry Potter series . I read them a couple of years ago , and after I read the first book , we watched the first movie , then did the same with the second , and so on .
I 'm thinking of reading the books and watching the movies again because I barely remember anything .
But I remember thinking they were so exciting , and after I read the last book , I thought I would never find a good book again .
I did , but none were quite as good as Harry Potter .
I like listening to a group called Skyscraper , four boys from different places in Sweden , and I like Lucy Hale , an actress from * Pretty Little Liars * who has released her first album .
My favorite song of hers is " Road Between . "
I also like Ariana Grande , and I 've been listening a lot to her new album .
At first , transport is a very important means in our daily life . We will talk about the evolution of transport means .
In the past , the only means of transport was riding horses , camels , and donkeys , and there were no mechanical means . However , riding animals was a safer means of transport than those of today , as there is no vehicle exhaust to pollute our atmosphere , and these animals ' dung is useful as fertilizer for farmland .
Transport evolved gradually from early methods to bikes and carts , then to cars with engines .
Today , all people use engine-powered vehicles like motorcycles , cars , trains , and planes .
As well as being much faster than the previous method , this method pollutes our atmosphere .
As vehicle exhausts harm our hearts , affect our breathing , widen the ozone hole , cause a lot of noise , and cause traffic jams .
But people don ’ t concern themselves with these dangers and are concerned only with their luxuries and comfort . I think no new means will be invented .
People are satisfied with engine-based means like cars .
One of the most significant inventions of the 20th century relates to the speed at which information is now communicated around the world .
In fact , all improvements in communication have had a profound effect on the way people live their lives .
If I were to choose the most frequently used and influential invention in the field , it would have to be the television .
Through television , news and information can be displayed graphically at the very moment they are happening .
This simple fact has changed in many ways how we live , and in a way , it has shrunk and continues to shrink the planet we live on .
There are , however , several downsides to television , and , like all inventions , it can be used in a useless way .
Not even truly addressing the amount of television that the average person watches , there are several other important ways that television has changed people 's lives .
The sentence is already correct . One interesting development has been the use of television in wars .
The Vietnam War was the first time U.S. citizens were able to truly see what it was like to be at war .
This was one of the factors that led to much of the protest .
We can also see for ourselves what is happening around the globe , and this has led to public concern and effort , for instance in Somalia .
Of course , radio was already able to transmit sound , but the coming of the picture had even greater significance .
The greatest effect that television has had is that it has made the planet 's dimensions smaller .
Gone are the days of unknown and unheard-of areas .
Television can bring any part of the world into your living room in a matter of seconds .
It is also a very influential and powerful tool , as it is the easiest way to communicate with populations .
There are many who feel it can be harmful , and this is true .
It is also used in ways that can desensitize one 's sense of what is actually being portrayed because the image itself is not real .
However it is used , there is no doubt that it has been one of the most significant inventions of the 20th century .
The truth is that we are all different .
I ca n't speak for others , but in my experience , I would say it 's a good idea to take a year off after high school .
First of all , it 's probably because most of us do n't know what to do with our lives , or we just do what other people have told us to do , especially our parents .
Second , traveling is healthy because it allows you to get to know new cultures and traditions .
But you can do other things like work , save money for college , or start a new business .
Also , if you have worked before , you 'll have more experience than others , which gives you an advantage .
You will become more independent and more conscious of life in general .
Michael closed the door and knew in that moment he had made a mistake .
He had to escape as quickly as he could .
The police alarm could be heard in all the streets .
So , he knew that the police were near .
Michael threw the knife he had in his hand into the bush in front of the house .
He ran faster than ever .
Suddenly , he heard some dogs barking .
At that moment he started feeling really nervous .
He hid under a big car and waited there .
He was afraid of and worried about what had happened .
He did n't want to kill his ex-girlfriend .
But Michael had no choice .
Anne had broken up with him over something stupid and irrelevant .
She deserved it .
After a few minutes , he saw someone getting into the car where he was hiding .
If he escapes , the person will see him .
Before he could do anything , the car started , and it was too late to leave .
Television is a subtle magic box that enlightens our lives .
From the screen , audiences can raise their awareness of events happening around the globe .
Or they can experience a spectrum of emotions they might not encounter in their daily lives by watching different movies .
Truly , television symbolizes a dramatic advance in today 's entertainment .
Nevertheless , it can also be billed as a means of education .
Nowadays when people mention education , an idea comes to mind in which we sit in front of books with teachers or computers beside us .
Most books are an inch in thickness .
Each side of that is filled with black-and-white images followed by a colorless description alongside .
Only through our mind can we imagine objects or ideas described in it .
Televisions , on the other hand , offer a much more colorful learning experience with just a screen .
The sentence is already correct . Items had been categorized according to their attributes .
Theories and models try to align with each other to explain one of the variations in the world .
For television , however , objects can be depicted in a lifelike manner .
Audiences can understand through observation the variety of their surroundings over time , as well as the correlations between matters .
They are given the full picture and process of our environment , not just a photo .
The lack of natural light in the workplace became a serious problem as more people complained about their bad relationships with others at work and poor performance , so inadequate lighting is the main reason for it .
First of all , not using natural light in the workplace can slightly but significantly deteriorate employees ' health , as neon lights can strain the eyes and may also cause headaches if used for extended periods .
As a result of suffering from headaches , workers are more likely to feel nervous and anxious , and their work performance might decrease .
Secondly , being in a bad mood may lead to a lack of cooperation and difficulty concentrating on what needs to be done , which also affects productivity and overall workplace performance .
In conclusion , there are many reasons that support the need for employees to have access to natural light while doing their jobs , as its absence can have negative effects on both people and productivity . Therefore , this issue should be taken into consideration , and a solution should be found .
Hello Jo ,
I 'm glad to hear from you .
I 'm really happy that you 're coming here next summer so we 'll be able to catch up .
You must visit Venice , the city on the water .
You should easily find backpacker hostels that are cheap and comfortable .
You have to walk or visit the city by ferry because cars and buses are prohibited .
After a week spent here , you should take the train and reach Florence , a beautiful city rich in magnificent buildings .
If you like art , you must visit and spend a day in the art gallery full of amazing pictures .
If you like the sea , you should spend at least three months traveling in southern Italy , which is really breathtaking .
You can travel by car or by train .
About the work is not so easy , but if you have previous experience as a waiter or housekeeper , you can find a job in a resort or hotel in the summer .
You should send an email with your CV as soon as you can to all the tourism employment offices that you can find on the Ministry of Work website .
If you have any other questions or need more information , do n't hesitate to contact me .
I hope to hear from you soon .
Love
Silvia
Fame is an asset for every celebrity .
Broadly speaking , being famous means being well-known , and much effort is used to achieve that popularity , to be recognized instantly on a TV screen .
It may seem that the image of a person even lives a separate life from the person who created it , but this is not actually true .
There are several reasons why the image overlaps with its creator .
One is that usually the same actor represents the same character in a series of films , so the actor blends with their character .
Also , sometimes a reversal of the situation occurs , when an actor becomes memorable for a particularly successful role in a film or play and becomes associated with that role only .
In short , actors become associated with their roles , and it is not easy for them to change their well-known image even in everyday life .
Regarding other socially oriented celebrities , other issues arise .
For politicians , maintaining a high profile is essential because they are known in connection with their actions .
As for journalists , it is essential to appear in their programs to become recognizable .
Overall , these celebrities use their visual image as a brand for their work .
To sum up , attention to a celebrity is a good sign for them and means that this person is truly famous .
Regardless of their will , they would be pestered by some journalists , and their lives would also be in the limelight because that is what people want to know—that is how being a celebrity works .
81 Buena Vida Road
Spain
June 25th
Summer Camps
44 Victoria Avenue
The United States of America
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to enquire about your summer camps in the USA .
I would be grateful if you could send me further information about it .
In addition , I have a few enquiries .
Firstly , do you take school leavers ? I have recently finished school and I would like to be an assistant teacher on an educational programme in a developing country .
The sentence is already correct . Also , I am a babysitter .
I completed my training last year .
The sentence is already correct . For this reason , I loved children .
And I 'm very patient and chatty with them .
For this reason , I would like you to let me get this job .
Moreover , I am practising a few sports ; I am really an athletic girl .
I wonder if you could tell me when this job starts and ends .
In addition , another reason to choose me is that I have been working in a restaurant for two years .
For this , I hope you can count on me to work in this position .
I wish you would take me .
Finally , please find my most recent CV enclosed .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully
Ynes Durán
Today most people think that after-school sports clubs are necessary .
However connected it may be , there are advantages and disadvantages to it .
I presented it in my essay .
I asked my young friends their opinions on after-school sports , and some told me it is good while others said no .
In the first place , I must say that when young people play sports , they are certainly healthier , more athletic , and , of course , fitter . So if you want to be fit , you should take up a sport .
Disadvantages of playing sports include , for example , the fact that if you have an injury , you ca n't be active and your weight will increase quickly .
Secondly , when you are exercising or playing , you have an adrenaline rush and feel excited , so you are self-confident , and it surely affects your relationships with other people .
Unfortunately , you have a shortage of time to study because you spend time at the gym or on the pitch .
Another important aspect is that you will be the person who ensures good team spirit , but also that when you are in a team , you may sometimes argue .
All in all , I still think that after-school sports clubs are a good idea .
In my class , most students say that sports are great .
Healthy young people
Young people are less healthy now than they were twenty years ago according to studies recently published in newspapers .
One reason for this is that young people prefer to play video games rather than play outdoors because it 's more popular , or for example , because they are n't used to playing football with their parents in the street .
Besides , young people eat too much junk food and are less willing to do sports that require more effort .
If I were a politician , I 'd encourage people to exercise outdoors , and I 'd build sports centres where they would n't have to pay .
In my opinion , junk food should be more expensive so that people would n't buy so much .
When you start exercising , you soon feel better and ca n't stop .
The Kaplan outside area
Introduction
The purpose of this report is to discuss how Kaplan College should spend a large amount of money to improve its outdoor area .
The sentence is already correct . Here it is unchanged : Build a garden .
Every Kaplan student knows that behind Kaplan 's building there is a useless space that the College can use to build a nice and beautiful garden .
This place is not useful for everyone , so it would be awesome to invest in a garden , which all the students could use to relax in their free time .
Food and Drinks
The College needs to invest in some nice and healthy restaurants surrounding Kaplan , because many students have been complaining about the food and drinks they have to buy at school or in the surrounding area .
I heard a student saying that around Kaplan there are only junk food restaurants .
They should look for some nice , healthy , and affordable restaurants in the outdoor area of Kaplan .
Recommendations
I recommend spending a lot of money on building a garden and some good restaurants around Kaplan College .
These improvements would increase the quality and behavior of students ' work .
These would have a beneficial effect on all students .
Personally , I think people 's lives will change no matter what we do .
And there 's nothing we can do about it .
But what we can do is decide whether that change will be for the best or not .
It sounds very easy and simple , but it is not .
We do n't make changes ; changes are the result of the decisions we make , the consequences of our actions .
And one of the biggest changes we can see today is how blind we humans are to everything around us .
We go through our daily lives lost in our minds , thinking about expenses and personal issues , so we do n't take notice of what surrounds us .
We don ’ t notice other people or communicate with each other .
Lost in our thoughts , on our cellphones , with our earphones .
And this is a consequence of the bad use we have given and continue to give to technology , which fifty years from now could lead to another big change .
The sentence is already correct . It 's like a vicious chain .
Fifty years from now , people won ’ t know how to talk to each other .
We will lose our social abilities .
Introduction
The purpose of this report is to explain what the most important aspects of the environment in my city are .
Background
Treviso is situated in the north of Italy and was ruined during World War II .
Changes
After being rapidly rebuilt and renovated , Treviso has become a modern city .
It is easy to reach by train , rail , and air ; the population has been increasing thanks to the growth of industry , and all these factors have determined the enhancement of environmental problems .
Developments
People interviewed at the front door of main public buildings such as the town hall , schools , etc. , have stated that they feel , on average , happy about how the authorities have dealt with problems arising from the new aspects of the town , particularly regarding the following subjects :
About 80 % of citizens declared that they feel very satisfied with air , light , and noise pollution due to the fact that in the city center , cars are not allowed to transit ; public lights are powered by solar panels , and moreover , the mayor has signed an agreement with the builders ' union that obliges them to create public parks in every area with 1,000 people .
Recycling : all families are provided with three litter bins in which they must recycle rubbish , and at school , children are taught about the subject from primary school .
Conclusion
Treviso can offer a high standard of quality of life , and people are aware that the result of this aim is something to achieve together .
A historical place in Sweden that I would mention is the royal castle .
Stockholm is the capital of Sweden .
It 's big and beautiful and contains a lot of history .
The royal castle was rebuilt in 1697 after a fire .
It was n't in use until 1754 and it was n't finished until 1770 .
Since then not much has been rebuilt .
On the inside , there have been some changes and modernizations to fit the royal family , and some paintings on the facade on the outside .
Some museums have been added , and the royal castle is now a very popular tourist attraction .
I 've never been there personally , but it would be interesting to go sometime .
An invention of the 20th century that I feel has significantly changed people 's lives is the bank cash machine or automatic teller machine .
I can not comprehend how difficult it would be without this convenient access to money in emergencies or cases when it is needed .
It is also a convenience that helps save time , which is very important to working men and women of the late 1900s .
This machinery also allows you to do your banking whenever you wish rather than during assigned banking hours .
People may argue that ATMs will take away jobs in banks , but we must also focus on the positive aspects .
ATMs appear in all areas of the world .
In the United States , for example , you can find machines in stores , movie theaters , parking lots at shopping malls , and banks .
In many situations , I have either forgotten my wallet or not had enough money at the grocery store .
This is when I really appreciate having my ATM card .
Another disadvantage of carrying cash is the danger of having large quantities of it in your home or wallet .
This attracts robbers and can promote danger .
All in all , I feel ATM cards are an excellent invention . Their convenience has proven itself in many circumstances , and I do not know what I would do without my card . The development of computerized technology has enhanced our environment by providing convenience and time-saving activities that reduce the stress of our everyday lives .
The Amazon lava lizards are pretty hard to see .
When you saw one , it probably already saw you .
I noticed in the field that the large males are more conspicuous than the juveniles , the immature males , and the females .
The adult males always seemed to be in the same place .
However , I ca n't confirm that the same males were in the same places .
The smaller individuals tended to run away quickly when they noticed someone coming .
Also , they commonly return to the same place just after fleeing .
The lizards can stand still for long periods with little movement , usually of the head .
The big ones showed more communicative displays like head bobs and push-ups .
The boardwalk was the only point where I saw more than one animal that could interact with each other .
In other places , when there is more than one animal , they stay away from one another and do n't interact .
The animals that used the boardwalk were more exposed than the animals at the other points .
The animals I observed among the vegetation were usually sheltered either by dense shrub or bush vegetation or on a bromeliad leaf that had spikes on the edge .
The distance required to cause these animals to flee was larger than that for the boardwalk lizards .
" I feel like I should tell her the truth and beg for her forgiveness , " Mark said to Michael .
Their friend Jenny was going to be out of town for a few days , and she asked Mark to take care of her cat while she was away .
He agreed to it , but he didn ’ t really pay much attention to whether the doors of his house were properly shut , so the animal escaped .
Jules is nowhere to be found , " he sighed .
I 'm just going to buy her a huge bouquet of flowers and hope she does n't take it too hard .
Michael , however , thought his friend was overreacting .
I 'll fix this for him since he 's too stupid to do it himself , he thought .
He went into the first pet shop he found and bought a Siamese cat that he thought looked identical to the one entrusted to Mark .
Dear Jenny , sorry I 'm having Jules delivered to you , but I 'm busy and ca n't drop him off myself .
" Love , Mark , " he wrote on the card accompanying the cat cage .
The next day , there came a loud thumping on the door .
It was Mark who was furious. "
Did you really think Jenny would n't notice it was n't her cat ?
And how dare you put my name on that card ?
She does n't ever want to talk to me again !
" And I never want to talk to you again ! " he shouted as he quickly made his way off the porch .
Michael closed the door and knew in that moment he had made a mistake .
A film I want to recommend for our student club is * Captain America : The Winter Soldier * ; it has a lot of adrenaline and emotion .
This film was launched on the 13th of March and it was a big success .
Using the Global Positioning System , or GPS , is popular in the modern world , although it does not work well in areas where the GPS signal is interfered with .
Consequently , indoor navigation with GPS is not very effective .
This paper proposes an alternative method to GPS for use in indoor environments .
The methods developed in this paper use only the position of the Wireless Access Points ( WAPs ) and the signal strength ( RSSI ) recorded by the user in order to calculate the position of the device .
Since today 's computers and cellphones contain all the required hardware , a future adoption of these methods would not only be easy but also cost-effective .
One of the methods proposed in this paper typically gives the user a position that is off by about five meters .
Therefore , this method can not be used when a more precise estimation is needed .
However , a weighted average of these three methods together with other similar methods might enhance the accuracy .
At the beginning , it is worth thinking over what the phenomenon of shopping is .
Some people claim that shopping gives them a lot of pleasure .
Recently I came across an example of a woman who maintained that spending money helps her calm down .
yes .
In my family , there are five people : my dad , mum , older sister , and younger brother .
All those who always talk , share , and support me in everything .
They are not only my family members but also my best friends .
When I was a child , my dad or mum usually took me to school by motorbike ; I have beautiful memories of those times .
They bought me many nice things that are useful for studying , and made me interested in studying .
When I got a bad score , they did not blame me . Instead , they always said , " We count on you , " so I never felt scared or worried whenever I did the wrong thing , and that made me so confident .
I often told them my story before going to sleep , like how I made friends with a boy in class , how I got over a dog on the road , etc .
But after growing up , I was not as close with my parents . I had many outdoor activities with my siblings , like exercising and traveling ...
At that time , we overcame all problems and came to understand each other better .
So now I am overseas and I always think about my family as my best friends ever .
Hi , dear Hanna
Last summer , I worked at the cinema . It was a very good experience for me . I enjoyed it so much because I met a lot of people from different countries and cultures . I worked there for about three months , and the pay was satisfactory . At the cinema , I learned a lot about films I hadn ’ t heard of before . My colleagues were very kind and friendly , and after we finished our jobs , we remained good friends and spent time together , going out for drinks and sometimes for dinner .
I hope to do the same job next year because I love it and hope to do it again .
In the future , public transport will no longer be required as " owning your own vehicle " becomes very common .
The justifications are as follows :
The advanced technology reduces the costs of manufacturing and maintaining automobiles to a very affordable level .
2 .
Recognizing transportation as a necessity in daily life , governments will provide subsidies to their residents who can not afford to own a car .
Under the future social welfare scheme , a person who earns an annual income below a specific threshold will be provided with a car at no charge ; in addition , all related maintenance costs , such as gasoline , parking , insurance , and tuning , will be reimbursed by the government .
3 . There is no need to get a driver 's license to operate a car .
With the help of advanced global positioning system technology , we can simply voice-input the place we 'd like to go , and the car will automatically take us there effortlessly .
When will the day of " no public transport " come ?
We can not tell at this moment , but one thing is for sure—technology keeps changing our lives and way of living .
The airport in my city is not very far from my home , but at the same time , it is not easy to reach .
The more comfortable way is to have a private car , which makes it possible to take the highway and then head toward the city center .
My home is close to the central rail station and the most important bus stops of the metropolitan area .
As a second option , there is a railway service from the airport to a secondary rail station .
Here you have to get off and then take bus number 25 , which will take you to the city center , from where I can walk home .
Another possible option is to use a taxi service , but in this case , the journey is the most expensive of all .
The two best choices for returning home from the airport are to use a private car or the airport railway service , which is very cheap : I spend a little more time and money , but the journey is as nice and comfortable as the trip with a private car .
I am a tall and blonde girl who loves all sports , but my favorite is basketball .
I enjoy this sport because it is very dynamic , teaches me many things such as being polite and very responsible , and above all , it is a group game , and I love working as a team .
I would like to give one piece of advice to someone who wants to start practicing this sport : always work as a team , don ’ t only think of yourself—always think of what ’ s best for the team .
The doorbell rang .
When I opened the door , imagine my surprise at seeing my brother 's foot covered in blood .
I was really upset .
He came in , and I helped him .
I told him to go to the hospital to take care of his foot , but he didn ’ t listen .
He was afraid that if he went to the hospital , his parents would find out about this .
I asked him how this had happened , and he told me that he had fallen off his motorcycle .
That 's when I realized what was going on .
He didn ’ t want our parents to know because his godfather had just bought him the motorcycle , and our mother was against it , but he did keep it on one condition : that he would be really careful .
I told him that we had to go to the hospital , even if that meant our parents were going to take his motorcycle away .
He understood that he had no choice , so he agreed .
The sentence is already correct .
She came to our house and took my brother to the hospital .
I was really worried , but hopefully everything turned out alright .
The pie chart depicts different proportions of fuel types that generate energy in Florida in 2007 compared with the forecast for 2017 .
Overall , it is clear that natural gas is the main energy generator for both years , while renewables and oil come at the bottom of the list .
For example , the energy generated by natural gas increased from 38.8 % in 2007 to 54.4 % in 2017 .
Next comes energy production by coal , which accounted for 29.3 % of the energy market in 2007 , followed by a drop of 5.6 % in the forecast year of 2017 .
As for nuclear , although it represented the third-largest energy generator in Florida for both of the compared years , the trend here is upward , reaching 15.9 % in the estimated period .
In contrast , there is a significant drop in energy production for both oil and other sources in the two separate years , from 6.7 % to 1.1 % for the former and from 11.1 % to 3.4 % for the latter .
As for renewables , the decrease in fuel-generated energy over the period is less dramatic .
There are some reasons to explain why Venus shines so brightly according to the text .
In addition to these reasons , the passage contains information about Venus 's temperature , and the listening passage can refute some information that is expressed in the text .
Some questions are asked while listening to expand the information about this planet .
How can Venus be so hot if it is covered by thick white clouds ? It should be cold , should n't it ?
There is another doubt about this high temperature : there is a planet closer to the sun that is hotter than Venus , so it is n't hot because of its proximity .
The most amazing question is : How can it be hot in a place where sulfuric acid prevents the sun from shining in ?
The listening passage could link the information in the text , stimulate some questions , and also provide answers to make the reader more curious about the topic .
The sentence is already correct . There are many problems facing both road and rail transport in the UK .
The most talked-about issues concerning roads are probably congestion and safety .
Congestion is most apparent around the major conurbations such as London , Greater Manchester and Birmingham .
The simple way to solve this problem would be to either build more roads or widen the existing ones .
However , this , as seen in recent events such as those in Newbury , has been met with strong opposition from environmental groups and local residents .
Another way to reduce congestion , especially in large cities , could be to persuade people not to use their vehicles at all .
Introducing schemes such as the 'park-and-ride ' scheme and encouraging people to use bicycles would certainly reduce the number of cars on the road .
Safety is often discussed as a priority factor concerning roads .
Too many accidents occur due to dangerous driving on busy roads .
The sentence is already correct . There are several ways to combat this problem .
Although the legal limit for drinking while driving has just been increased , lowering the limit by several units would deter many people from using their own vehicles and instead encourage them to use public transport .
Increasing the amount of law enforcement could also be effective , giving the police more authority to make arrests and increasing the number of speed cameras , as well as possibly imposing larger fines .
Cutting down the national speed limit may also encourage drivers to take more care .
The condition of roads is often a local issue rather than one of national concern .
It is therefore up to local councils to maintain their roads better , especially in winter .
This may require the local council to obtain more money from the government .
Safety is much less of a concern for rail transport .
The major talking point here is efficiency .
It is often noted that trains are delayed and rarely run on time .
Because of this inefficiency , many of rail 's customers are turning to other forms of transport—cars mostly , but for long-distance journeys , flying is an increasingly attractive option .
A large amount of blame for this inefficiency goes to the actual trains , which in most cases are out of date and slower than modern ones such as the French TGV or the Japanese " bullet " train .
The train tracks can also be blamed , as they are often under repair and this inevitably delays trains .
It is hoped that the recent privatisation of British Rail will bring in more up-to-date trains and increase the overall efficiency of travelling by train in a bid to attract many more customers .
The author thought in the reading part that technology brings us a more comfortable life .
The author gave an example : first , we don ’ t have to eat raw meat nowadays because someone discovered how to use fire ; second , we don ’ t have to live in caves anymore .
However , the professor disagrees with the author .
She thinks technology does n't always make us better ; on the contrary , it makes us worse .
She said technology leads to weaker relationships with family or friends .
And then it even makes our circumstances worse because it causes a lot of pollution .
Finally , the professor suggests that we reduce our use of technology .
If we reduce its use , we will have a good relationship with the environment and the best possible surroundings .
Apparently , the author did n't notice the bad influence of technology .
In this essay , I will present and briefly analyze the controversy involving problems related to zoos .
As a controversial topic , it has arguments for and against .
Depending on the point of view each person takes , the argument they will give may vary .
It is very likely that animals in zoos suffer from not being in their natural habitat , being stared at almost all the time , not having the space they require to live comfortably , and lacking the natural peace they need .
Furthermore , it is important not only to say that animals live in groups in the wild , but also that , in contrast , their numbers in zoos are limited to just a few .
Nevertheless , it is very useful for society and especially for children to have the possibility of going to and experiencing a visit to a zoo .
If it were not for zoos , it would be practically impossible for the majority of the population to know wild animals .
It offers a wide range of possibilities not only for children but also for adults , such as veterinarians , scientists , and why not anthropologists too .
All in all , it would be difficult to reach a fair solution , or even to provide one that would address both sides of the topic in question .
In my personal opinion , I reckon safari parks would be a middle ground between these opposing sides ; they would provide a better quality of life for animals and would also be an educational way .
What is the European Union ?
It seems there are two distinct forms , one of which worries the British public most : Political Union , followed by Economic and Monetary Union .
In fact , these issues have become so heated in Great Britain at present that they have led to many disputes within the present government .
They also appear to be one of the main reasons for Mrs. Thatcher 's resignation .
In losing her , have we not already lost part of our sovereignty ?
Europe is forcing change upon us as we have been attempting to stand back , " not letting socialism in by the back door , " instead of playing an important role in positively affecting the decision-making processes of the European Community .
Great Britain can not afford to play a minor role in a two-speed Europe , especially in the present time of recession , and this has manifested itself in top governmental disputes .
A loss of sovereignty seems inevitable , whether we like it or not .
On monetary and economic union , I do n't feel that we have much to lose ; in fact , on the contrary , I think that we would benefit enormously , especially in the light of 1992 .
If only the issue had been presented in a more positive light , perhaps with some modifications , I am sure that the British public would have given their agreement .
After all , how long has it been since we lost our sovereignty to the follies of the international stock exchanges of New York , Tokyo , and Frankfurt ?
Does losing our sovereignty to Brussels or the Bundesbank make much difference ?
Did the " Big Bang " in October 1987 not send shock waves worldwide with share prices plummeting ?
World processes are continuously becoming more and more interlinked ; the effects of which often see no physical borders .
I therefore see European unity as a natural process in world development , something that should be made easier rather than hindered .
Can we really afford to play for time by dragging our feet ?
The issue of political union is still more disputed .
Yes , we have a Queen , and what would happen to her—would she be forced to abdicate and be succeeded by King Jacques Delors ?
This is a very typical misinformed and ignorant statement made by certain British " patriots " .
There are five other monarchs in the European Community , and their statuses will not be greatly affected by any such union .
But there is a true cause for concern about Brussels ' bureaucracy , which rightly worries the British public .
This situation must be changed to rid the Council of its secrecy and transfer greater power to the European Parliament for a more democratic system .
This will mean that everyone will have a fair say in what goes on—something that must be guaranteed for such independent thinkers as the Britons themselves .
An answer to Britain 's reservation about European Unity , which I find most plausible at present : a Federal Union which would ensure decisions , where possible , would be taken at local levels .
This , if properly carried out , would enable us to keep our cultural identity—the ultimate element of our sovereignty .
Dementia is a common disease among the elderly population .
And it is difficult for humans to cure , so robotics are used to help .
For this case , research at this monument reported that :
Socially committed robots are designed to promote therapeutic interactions through
Communication and social interaction .
The therapeutic use of robots attempts to
Reach out to people affected by dementia and provide an alternative mode of
Engagement with this population .
( Mordoch et al. , 2013 , p. 15 )
Consequently , these robotics offer benefits to patients associated with personal interactions , enabling them to feel pleased and relaxed .
In Japan , there is a strong interest in using robots to care for the aging population , as home care facilities and hospitals often do not allow animal-assisted therapy .
Unlike Japan , in North America , people prefer to use animal-assisted therapy , but the use of robotics is less common than that of animals .
I 've been a member of the Active Leisure Club since 7th April 2013 , and I 'm really pleased with your letter because it means that you care about your customers .
What I really appreciate is the staff 's qualifications , particularly those of the fitness courses , and their punctuality .
This aspect is very important for working people .
I have to congratulate you on the cleanliness of the environment : everything is always perfect , and I often see showers being sanitized . People do have respect for all common spaces .
I also have a few suggestions .
It would be really useful to have some hairdryers in the locker rooms ; this way , people could have a complete service and could arrive home relaxed or ready to go out .
Another service that could make you competitive with other centers would be having a massage room : after any sport , it would be nice to have a personal masseur take care of your tired body !
Anyway , I 'm really glad to have a leisure club in my city that helps me keep fit !
Thank you for your interest .
To whom it may concern :
Mary James
Mary James and I met at Marianista School .
We went to secondary school together and have been friends for 5 years , so we know each other very well .
When Mary was in secondary school , she proved herself to be a brilliant student .
She was not only competent but also hard-working , and that was reflected in her high grades .
Nevertheless , she was not boastful ; on the contrary , she would help other students who struggled with the subjects .
She was appreciated by students and teachers for her kindness and willingness to help .
Mary is extremely loyal to her friends .
She is also caring and supportive , and she knows exactly what to say when you 're going through a tough time .
Moreover , she is a very enthusiastic and energetic person , and whenever she sets an objective , she accomplishes it .
When Mary was a student , she was very self-demanding , wishing to do everything perfectly and , as a result , she was sometimes overwhelmed .
However , as years went by , she managed to handle those situations , as she learned how to organize and do her tasks in a more efficient way .
Mary was always interested in British culture and therefore studied English for several years and read many books about Great Britain .
As she has finished high school , her intention is to pursue a career , and she is looking for an opportunity that would enable her to achieve her goal as well as develop her English-speaking skills .
It is clear that the post you are seeking to fill would undoubtedly suit her , and I have no hesitation in supporting her application .
Yours faithfully
Jeni Jackson
Would you like to find out the best place for our final dinner ?
First , we must look for a restaurant suitable for groups , since we are a large number of people .
If we go to a normal restaurant , we will dislike the service .
I 'm sure there are some restaurants we could go to .
I am going to explain what my favourite is for this special occasion .
I suggest " Pomodoro " .
This Italian restaurant is located in the city centre .
Both characteristics are the most important to me .
First of all , most people like this kind of food , such as pizza or macaroni .
Also , the location is perfect because we can easily arrive on foot or by bus .
After dinner , we may go to some discos or pubs .
Besides , this restaurant has delightful decor .
It seems you are sitting in a Roman theatre .
The waiters are from Italy , so they may talk with us in Italian , which would be very useful for practicing this language .
In conclusion , I would recommend this restaurant .
It 's the ideal place for us , with a big space , delicious food , and a great location , of course .
Nowadays , film stars , musicians , politicians , and models live in the limelight .
Some of them want it , while others are less enthusiastic about being the center of attention .
Journalists often follow them .
In my opinion , celebrities have a right to a private life , but they should n't share everything about themselves in the tabloids .
First of all , everyone has the right to privacy .
Being a famous artist or politician is an unusual job , but still only a job , and after the job everyone wants to have their own life .
On the other hand , being a superstar makes it almost impossible to have a private life .
Well-known people are frequently in touch with their fans , and the public knows them very well .
From my point of view , everyone has a right to privacy with no exceptions .
Journalists who follow the celebrities just cross the line .
The paparazzi often exceed the limits of privacy .
We do n't need to know everything about them , for example , the condition of some actress 's hair when she was shopping .
Superstars also deserve to have their own lives ; no one deserves to be followed or spied on .
Colombia 's army is a good example to other armies in Latin America and even other armies of the world .
Even so , many Colombians do not know the hard work their soldiers must do day by day for the sole purpose of protecting our lives and guaranteeing democracy for all of us .
Therefore , it is necessary to know why Colombia 's army has this distinction .
First , the military forces of Colombia have 438,700 effectives , making them the largest army in Latin America , followed by Brazil .
On the other hand , Colombia 's army is regarded as one of the best in the world due to its internal conflict , which keeps the soldiers in action and constant training . Even in Colombia , other Latin American armies , as well as those from Africa and the Middle East , are trained because of the anti-terrorist war that the Colombian armed forces have been developing for 40 years . These forces have strengthened masterfully through their preparation , intelligence , and modern tactical aids .
Second , it is necessary to highlight some of the work performed by our army in the anti-terrorism struggle , such as foiling terrorist attacks , neutralizing explosive devices left in urban and rural areas , preventing the recruitment of children , conducting medical brigades to help farmers , and , most importantly , offering their lives if necessary to protect each and every one of us , even without knowing us .
Finally , I could say that the hard work and the good image of the Colombian army simply reflect our wish to live in peace .
Likewise , all Colombian people want to reach their dreams in a peaceful way , without weapons or fights among brothers , and thus show the world that Colombians are brave enough to fight for peace .
Dear Paul ,
What 's up ?
Sorry for not answering your letter earlier .
I was really busy because of organizing the next concert .
By the way , your VIP tickets are in the drawer of my desk .
As you asked , I 'll write something about helping with Kokon 's concert , which took place last month .
It was a huge challenge for me because I was responsible for nearly everything .
At the very beginning , I had a problem with the owner of the pub .
He was n't convinced that we 'd be able to sell enough tickets to pay for the pub .
He did n't know the band and was really skeptical about it .
But , you know , where there 's a will , there 's a way , and at last I won him over .
When he arrived at the pub an hour before the concert to see how things were going , he was speechless with surprise .
His pub was fuller than ever before .
I did n't tell him that even though Kokon is quite an underground band , it has so many fans !
His facial expression almost killed me when I saw it .
It was a mix of outrage because of the crowd in his pub and happiness because of the money they spent on beer .
And how about the concert ?
It was incredible .
Although I had to take care of everything , I could still have a great time .
We are planning the next events with the leader of Kokon .
I 'll let you know about upcoming concerts this month .
Just let me know when you 're coming back to Bytom .
Kisses ,
The sentence is already correct . Here it is unchanged : Wydra
She started her life with so many problems , and after every period of sadness , she discovers that she has enough capability to continue .
But the most difficult thing from her perspective when she is exposed to losing someone is that , however much she has lost many people under varying circumstances , she never gets used to the feeling of loss , and she suffers each time as if it were the first .
She experiences traveling and attempts to leave everything that causes her sadness . She tries to keep away from politics and remove images of the military and weapons from her mind , but the sight of human blood haunts her .
She wrote about each important event .
I think that nowadays most people use public transport very little .
I understand that the car is more comfortable and safer for travel and for making short trips ; however , it is more dangerous for the environment .
People in some countries use different means of transport , such as bikes or trains , to get around the city .
Scientists around the world are investigating genetic manipulation for a wide variety of beneficial purposes .
Genetic engineering is , however , a very contentious issue , and there is considerable resistance to this work , particularly regarding the suggestions of using it on humans .
The trouble is that although a scientist may think they know a lot about a particular area of study , and indeed they may , there is still so much that we do not know about areas of study like genetics that there is a great fear of the unexpected .
This sentence is already correct .
When we consider the horrific effects of a nuclear holocaust , I am sure there are many who wish it had never been invented .
But are we right to blame the scientists who first started the research and who had no idea it would be used as a weapon ?
We can argue that surely the scientist must have the greatest realization of the uses of the discovery , whether good or bad , since they are the expert on the subject .
Is it right to blame him ?
Let 's consider that he has discovered a cure for cancer as a result of genetic engineering .
It is against human nature to stop at this stage and ask : should I introduce what could be the greatest medical discovery of our lifetime when I am not 100 % sure of the consequences ?
Can we expect a scientist to bear this additional burden for the whole world ?
In truth , no , it is unreasonable .
Genetic engineering is developing rapidly and has already been used extensively in plants and bacteria , notably for producing resistant strains of plants and for producing human insulin .
The natural next step is to apply this knowledge to treat common genetic disorders like Down syndrome .
There is a lot of resistance to this and fear that we may manufacture mutants or that someone may produce an army of superhuman clones .
Some of these may seem a little far-fetched , but it is conceivable that in 100 years ' time we may be able to decide the characteristics of our child , whether they will be a great piano player or athlete .
It does not seem morally right to be able to make these decisions , and it would certainly be seen by anyone religious as interfering in the ways of God , something to be avoided at all costs .
A great scientist can not see into the future .
He can not gauge the moral repercussions of his discovery nor the long-term effect it is going to have on the world .
If he is doing research for what he considers to be a good cause , who are we to criticize him when we know far less about it ?
Provided a scientist 's work has been permitted and is public , I feel it is unjust to hold them responsible for what the world will make of their work .
To avoid continually writing " he or she " and " his or her , " the scientist in this essay is referred to as " he . "
I hope no offense is taken from this .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in response to the invitation in the July issue of your English-language magazine to share my experience of making a hard decision .
As a nineteen-year-old student , I have gained familiarity with this topic by deciding which course of study I was going to choose .
First of all , I strongly believe that making choices is always risky because people do not know what the exact outcome will be .
Like most adolescents , I was at a total loss when the time came to decide what I wanted to be in the future .
In despair , I applied for two courses of study that did not resemble each other at all , which made the moment of choosing much harder .
Knowing that this choice was not only a fundamental decision but also one that would influence the rest of my adulthood , I sought help in deciding what to focus on at the moment of making my decision .
As time passed , I had to attend more and more classes .
I could not cope with such a busy timetable , and consequently , I was exhausted and stressed .
A decision had to be made before I dropped out of both courses of study .
I kept in mind the pieces of advice I was given and chose what made me happy despite not having the approval of some of my relatives .
I am convinced that stark choices are unavoidable , but in order to avoid regretting their consequences—whether positive or negative—people should choose what makes them happier .
However , I have not taken for granted that my decision will not make me regret .
If this were the case , I know that I would always be on time to start again .
For the reasons mentioned above , I think choices must be carefully considered before being made .
Even though this does not assure the results .
I look forward to reading subsequent articles on related issues .
Yours faithfully
Vilma Rossitt
Success and hard work have been measured and rewarded by many standards in the past .
In earlier times , people lived a lifestyle of fending for themselves .
They were not afforded the many luxuries that have become commonplace in present-day society .
Because of the differences in personalities and ambition , I feel it is vital that in today 's society men and women should be financially rewarded for their individual efforts .
In every society , each person has the same basic needs for survival .
Long ago , the quest for fulfillment of these needs took up the majority of each person 's day .
In order to feed your family , you had to plant .
To live , you had to build .
To have clothes , you had to sew .
Each hour of every day was devoted to meeting these needs .
Even in early times , the harder you worked , the more food , shelter , or clothing you gained .
This is a very simple notion that reward equals effort .
Bringing this to the present , we are now reaping the benefits of advanced technology , expanding knowledge , and modern times .
We have many machines to help us meet our food , clothing , and shelter needs with little or no effort on our part ; it would appear .
People with great technical minds are using their talents on the job and paying someone to do their labor .
However , just as in earlier days , the harder you work , the greater your reward .
Let 's imagine a society where all men and women are treated equally .
All basic survival needs ( and even wants , for that matter ) were provided regardless of the effort put forth . I would venture to guess that we would not be as advanced a society as we are today .
Competitiveness and jealousy would set in and fights would occur .
Worst-case scenario : the world could become divided or even destroyed because someone sat on the sidelines and didn ’ t do their part .
We would not have motivation to develop our talents and abilities and to use them in a way that benefits others .
Our society would become selfish , hoarding , and our culture would suffer .
It may be a pessimistic view , but I feel it is a very real one , to say that we would become lazy and stagnate .
Life is about reward .
It 's about learning where you are and how you can move to the next level .
Each of us is measured daily by some scale of achievement .
Effort is vital to success ; motivation is the key to effort .
Some are content with their needs , others want more—much more !
Our system of rewards is money—but is it really about money ?
I do n't think so .
It 's about meeting needs ( and even wants ) and how much one is willing to give for the opportunity of something better .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
My name is Ciprina Pires and I am 17 years old .
I 'm writing to you because I saw the advertisement for a job at a summer camp in the USA and would like to apply for the position .
I like to work with children between 8 and 12 years old because they have energy for everyone and may understand some of the activities we will give them .
Normally , I like to organize activities for others that might be interesting and different .
I love organizing evening activities more than the others because they are more exciting and more enthusiastic .
Now , I have been cooking for my family and I love it , and I would love to cook for 100 people .
I can speak English well enough for everyone to understand . I 'm energetic , hardworking , and cheerful .
( No input provided to correct . )
Yours sincerely
Cipriana
The impact on modern biology was enormous , and for this reason , in 1993 the inventor was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry .
For this invention , Mullis received a bonus of $ 10,000 from the company he was working for , but in a short time , the rights to use the process made the company $ 300 million !
The television is , for many people , the main way to spend their free time .
Children spend more than one hour a day watching television .
Parents are worried about what their children watch because they think their sons do not learn anything from it ; it only entertains .
It is far from real .
If we choose the correct programs , we could inadvertently learn a lot from them .
There are a lot of documentaries about the environment , animals , the human body , etc. , that are very interesting and entertaining .
Cartoons can be dubbed into English or other languages to improve their accessibility .
The TV can be used to empty the mind or fill the brain with a lot of useful knowledge .
The stone is now on their roofs .
Plastic bags are banned in the city .
The town council is planting more trees .
Solar heaters have been introduced in houses instead of water heaters .
A rainwater storage system to increase the water level .
Human waste is properly handled by the town council .
The government is encouraging people to use public transport instead of cars .
Using a cycle is a more environmentally friendly vehicle .
LED lights were introduced to reduce electricity usage .
Change is always good .
It is widely accepted that change is an essential driver of progress .
In fact , for many people , without changes , mankind would still live as in prehistory , without fire , wheels , or even comfortable houses . We would live in caves , would n't we ?
We would eat only what our men would hunt .
We would wear animal hides .
Oh !
What a ridiculous drawing !
But in my opinion , the problem is more complex .
Conservative people , for instance , are usually reluctant to change because , in general , they fear the unknown , preferring what is familiar even if it is not ideal .
In addition , if you glance at history , although times of revolution are usually traumatic , humanity tends to improve after them .
The question is whether convulsions , violence , and wars that often bring change are really worth it .
It is often said that public transport is bound to disappear since most people seem pleased to use their own cars for nearly every journey they take .
This might be true for the majority of people .
Sure enough , if asked , most people would say they prefer traveling by car to using public transport . Traveling by car offers many advantages .
For instance , you can decide exactly the time you want to leave and the place you want to leave from .
You do not have to share your journey with anybody if you do not want to , and you can get to the exact point where you want to be .
Everything about cars seems to be advantageous .
So why does public transport still exist ?
To begin with , not everyone can own a car .
But even if everybody could , it would be a nightmare to try to get to a big city , such as Barcelona , by car .
I do n't think there would be enough space for so many vehicles , not only to park but also to circulate on the road .
Moreover , the level of pollution would be so high that I doubt anyone could survive it .
The future
The problems of this plant are increasing every day , and people ask themselves : What will the future be like in 30 years ?
The sentence is already correct . We think that the world will be destroyed .
At first , many kinds of plant species will have become extinct , and 90 percent of fauna will be endangered .
After that , food will have become insufficient to satisfy society 's demands , and people will be dying of starvation . Diseases will become more common , and many people will have died due to epidemics .
A significant portion of society will have been diagnosed with cancer .
Living in an egalitarian society , people will collaborate to save the world , use robots to clean the planet , design special clothes to avoid radiation , and use oxygen tanks .
Living in our current society divided by social status .
Poor people will live in trash while rich people will live in spacecraft .
Wars will be fought over water .
Once you become famous , you will probably know the taste and the price of fame .
There are many people in my country who think that being a famous person to some extent is a blessing .
Such a person is known to most people on a national or even international scale .
Some believe there are many advantages to being a celebrity or widely known person , though there are also a number of disadvantages .
First of all , many local and world-renowned celebrities claim to have no private life .
Being famous probably means that journalists , your neighbors , and ordinary people will be most interested in your life .
Most of the time , it is impossible to avoid this kind of attention .
People are curious and admire their favorite stars ' lives by reading magazines , watching TV , or surfing the internet .
Moreover , such yellow press columns with the title 'celebrities ' hit sales records , providing huge benefits for the publishing companies .
Millions of people can buy magazines featuring celebrities on the covers , though some photos reveal additional—and not the most pleasant—details .
People are interested in almost everything : articles about break-ups , drug-abusing young celebrities , questionable relationships , or even special ones with naked celebrity photos .
This involves more than sharing some private life details ; most press people look for scandals , and their aim is to uncover the most intimate secrets .
Secondly , being successful and famous also requires a person to be good at their job .
The " star " is not only followed by the public eye but also evaluated by producers and future employers .
There is no doubt that celebrities work hard to achieve fame , better and more desirable jobs , including higher salaries .
The majority of celebrities have personal managers , who take care of their image .
So even if you are rich and famous , it does not always mean that you will be able to live and act as you would like to .
Fame has another side ; there are strict requirements for actors , singers , and others that appear when they sign contracts with the companies that provide their jobs .
Attending some events or parties may be a necessity and does not always depend on the wishes of a celebrity .
Also , it is said that fame spoils people and they struggle with personal problems , but it is even more difficult to help them than to help ordinary people .
Sometimes there are cases when the lack of private life leads to more serious issues .
We all know that some well-known people become involved in illegal activities , start using drugs or alcohol , or even join some mysterious religious groups .
Sometimes they even become suicidal just because they can not live under the constant pressure .
Even if being in the public eye is not always very pleasant , there are a number of advantages for which it is worth sacrificing a little of your private life .
Entering the world of public entertainment , which is undoubtedly rewarding , offers many benefits .
Most celebrities do not work all their lives , although the money they earn during their careers ( sometimes a very short period of success ) allows them to live without any worries .
Revealing some personal life details , while you are famous , may bring you fortune .
For example , many celebrities sell photos of their newborn babies to magazines , as the magazines offer enormous sums of money , to get a tiny glimpse into their family life .
Moreover , being a famous person means you can influence others , especially younger generations .
By setting a good example , celebrities may become idols and inspire others to live and help people in need .
By donating money to charities , as well as being involved in volunteer projects , you can do one of the things you might consider when you are wealthy and famous .
To summarize , fame comes with many disadvantages , as well as a number of advantages .
Celebrities have varied experiences .
Their lives may seem glamorous and they may look gorgeous , but you will never know what lies beneath the " beautiful and sparkling cover . "
Shopping Online ( Note : If the intended meaning was a title or heading , it is already correct . If it was meant to be a complete sentence , it would be " I am shopping online . " )
Currently , with the internet having penetrated our lives , online shopping enjoys great popularity among us , especially among young people .
Although some deny shopping online because of the virtual nature of the internet , I , unhesitatingly , am hooked on it .
First of all , we enjoy more convenience and time-saving when shopping online .
For example , time and space constraints could not be considered when shopping online .
If we want to purchase something , we can shop online .
As is well known , there is no shutdown at online stores .
In addition , walking long distances for a long time could be avoided if we shop online .
Once we place an order , the merchant will dispatch the goods immediately .
Meanwhile , it 's easier to buy high-quality and inexpensive goods online .
Thanks to the display of customer feedback and merchant reputation on the webpage , we can evaluate the goods directly and select the ones we desire from the vast range of online products to some extent .
Finally , shopping online plays an essential role in our lives due to its convenience and flexibility .
In other words , shopping online really does perfect our lives .
I believe that optimizing the network market will be more wholesome and guaranteed .
Dear USA Summer Camp ,
I want to have this job because I like children and being outside . I am also a person who works a lot if it is necessary , even at night .
I am very good at organising activities suitable for children . Last year , I went to a campsite that taught me how to prepare activities for children and how to work with them .
Last year , I went to cooking lessons and learned how to prepare food suitable for children . I also know how to prepare desserts for adults and children .
I 'm a nice , funny , and sociable person with children .
At the moment , public transport is being used , but many people are starting to travel much more in their own cars instead of using public transport , which , in my opinion , is better to use .
One reason for my opinion is that on a bus , train , railway , or other public transport , we can fit more people than in a car or on a motorbike , so we pollute less because we share the same vehicle instead of each person using one car or one motorbike , which would pollute much more . As always , everything has a cost , but there is a question that must be asked : Is it worth paying to save our ecosystem or even our lives ?
I think so , and besides , it is much cheaper than buying a car and spending money on petrol every month or less . Another reason I prefer to use public transport is that I have to adapt to a schedule , so I won ’ t be late for the place I want to go . Additionally , bus stops have some codes that are used to see how long it will be until the next bus arrives .
To conclude , public transport is much better than using a car or a motorbike , but people ca n't seem to see it .
Terrorism is the use of fear and acts of violence in order to intimidate societies or governments .
Many different types of social or political organizations may use terrorism in an attempt to achieve their goals .
It is difficult to define terrorism .
Terrorism has no officially recognized criminal law definition at the international level .
Common definitions of terrorism refer to violent acts that are intended to create fear ( terror ) , are done for a religious , political , or ideological goal , and target civilians .
Some definitions now include acts of unlawful violence and acts of war .
The use of similar tactics by criminal gangs is not usually called terrorism , although these same actions may be called terrorism when carried out by a politically motivated group .
Best friends are meant to last forever .
In that sense , family will always be there for us .
But what if they are n't that close to you ?
What if they keep you pampered always ?
Of course you will feel irritated , especially with teenagers .
Family protects us and gives care , but it can be irritating if they do the same when you grow up .
They should give you some space .
When you are a child , you love being with your parents and hanging around with them . Once you grow up , the same track shifts to friends , and you consider them your everything—keeping in mind that only family will be there for you in the worst times .
I think they 've changed since there are more and more overweight kids every day .
Portugal is one of the European countries with the most obese children , with a slightly higher number of obese children than Spain and Ireland .
Eastern European countries are the ones with fewer fat kids , perhaps due to the influence of former communist rule ?
When you do n't have anything to eat , you do n't gain weight and , consequently , you avoid diseases common in overweight people , such as diabetes .
That 's the only , albeit unintended , upside of communism over capitalism .
Although it might be amusing for me to continue slagging off communism , let 's not go there .
The topic concerns eating habits , something that , along with health and prosperity , is always eradicated when communists gain power over countries .
Bang !
Nowadays in my country , people eat a lot of the same unhealthy foods that others eat in the rest of the Western world .
We used to eat a lot of codfish , the stereotypical Portuguese food , and we still do , but now we also eat a lot of fast food , and that 's part of the reason we have so many overweight kids .
Fifteen years ago , when I was a kid , children used to be slim .
When I started first grade , there wasn ’ t a single overweight child in the class .
Today , 32 % of children are overweight .
Over just twenty years , we became one of the European countries with the most obese children .
So yes , eating habits have changed dramatically in my country , but we may regain our good old slim silhouettes after our—probably new—government , a coalition of socialists and communists , takes office .
Food—everybody loves it , but some people hate it too , particularly those who ca n't control themselves and suffer the consequences of overeating for their health .
Lack of self-control is a very sad thing .
Fortunately , I do n't have that problem .
I lack inspiration to write , but I 'll try because I have to .
Eating habits in my country are varied .
I already talked about the fat kids who eat shit that makes them fat .
Shitty food is trendy in my country , as I said , but that 's true for every European country , as I also said .
But I guess it 's better than eating roots and animal corpses , like our hominid ancestors did millions of years ago .
Hunter-gatherers thousands of years ago ate roots too , but they did n't have to eat rotting flesh because they hunted animals—like the first half of their name suggests . I know I really look like an idiot by writing this kind of thing , but that only proves that I was telling the truth when I said I 'm lacking inspiration .
I 've been reading Milton 's Paradise Lost , first because I wanted to read it for its literary significance , second because I want to improve my English , and reading it is a good way to achieve that goal .
I 'm only in the first book .
It 's an excellent work , of course .
I thought I would have trouble comprehending Milton 's English , because , you know , it 's not the English you hear from the average and contemporary English speaker , but it turns out it 's a much easier read than I thought .
I find Shakespeare harder , but with a bit of a struggle , I manage to get it too—though not always , at least for now .
Dear 230-year-old me , I am only 15 now ; I have n't lived enough .
I 'm just a kid—I 'm not complete yet . I have a lot to discover and shape in my life .
I have no idea how I 'm going to get there . I 'm now in bed studying for my tests tomorrow , but I guess in 215 years , it wo n't matter .
I really wonder how it feels to live that long . Are n't you bored of living ?
Do you ever wish you were dead ?
I bet you have a God complex ; you must feel powerful ...
But do you ?
Or perhaps you feel weak , vulnerable , dead inside , lost ... You have lived for so much longer than anyone should .
Of course , living like this must have consequences . What is it like in your head ?
What do you look like ?
How do you feel about yourself ?
Is what you 've become making you happy ?
What have you done ?
The sentence is already correct . What is the price of being you ?
Did you really give up everything to get what you have ?
Do you ever regret it ?
Do you feel lonely ?
Is your cold heart keeping you busy ?
Is there anything capable of unfreezing it ?
I dreamed of you , you know ?
We were in a forest ; the sun was at the top of the sky , the birds were singing , I could hear the sound of the water falling . It was a heavenly place—it was beautiful . Then you were there , behind a tree . You didn ’ t say a word . We just got closer . You were looking into my eyes , and so was I . Then I put my right hand on your cheek , and in that moment , I felt you—your skin , your soul , your existence .
And it lasted for a few moments ; it was magical .
I guess we are only going to meet in one place , in Heaven ; we are not supposed to know each other on Earth .
Not in our miserable mortal lives ; it does not matter anyway .
I felt you in that dream and I would n't change a thing .
I feel close to you .
And somehow , without even having met you , I fell in love with your existence .
And it kills me tonight that I will always have love in my heart for you , forever .
I will weep for you , my love , day and night—even when my eyes no longer let my tears slip away , my heart will always do so .
Reckless , pretty , and wild
I hated that the teacher was Clara .
She taught history in 2º E.S.O . She has short brown curly hair .
She always wore a ponytail .
Clara was serious and bossy .
She was generally shouting at everyone when she taught a lesson .
Clara was worse at English than Pilar , my English teacher .
Pilar was kind and fantastic with children .
The school " Valle del Ambroz " is a small place .
There is a small building located in the centre of the village .
Classes are small and the pavilion too .
The quality of the teachers was good although they explained very poorly because the students were not told very well .
I sometimes hated them because they did n't see the effort we made to pass the exams because we were so psyched about it .
The other reason why it was difficult to hate them was that they set exams and were also demanding .
However , I have a great memory of all my teachers because it helped me pull it off .
I still dream that there will be a chance for me to take a trip around the world . There are many ways to travel from one place to another , but I prefer doing that on a boat or a train ... because on a boat or train , I can feel the wind on my face or my hand . I can hear the sound of birds above me . On a plane , you can see only the blue sky and nothing more . It is a strange idea for me to be between the earth and the sky , so I prefer traveling by boat or train .
Not only does public transport have a future , but it also deserves a bright one .
Despite the fact that travelling by car may be more comfortable , we should all be fully aware that public transport ought to occupy a prime spot in our future mobility .
Otherwise , Earth 's future might be put in danger .
Indeed , if we , as a civilized society , were aware of the problem of greenhouse gases that are continually expelled into the atmosphere , we would use public transport much more often .
In this way , air pollution would be reduced as a consequence of using buses , trains , or the underground—all public means of transport that can prevent the massive presence of private cars on our streets and roads .
Apart from reducing polluting gases in the atmosphere , the safety of our roads would improve , as there would be fewer cars circulating throughout the country .
Both effects would combine to create a healthier environment in which our children could grow up safely .
On top of that , there is no excuse to use public transport , as it has been remarkably improved over the last few years .
Nowadays it is almost possible to access any place at any time by public transport , thereby erasing one of the main problems that public transport used to have for its potential users .
So if we are determined to preserve our beloved planet and make it a better place to live , a definite good start would be to leave the car in the garage and take the bus .
The last film I saw was not new ; in fact , it is " The Others . " It is the best horror and suspense film that I have ever seen in my life .
It is set on a small island in England and takes place in 1946 , when the Second World War ended .
A crazy woman waiting for her husband .
She has the absolute obligation to protect her children because they are allergic to light .
Recently , three new servants appeared in the mansion : Bertha Mills , Mr. Tuttle , and Lydia .
Strange things happen in the mansion .
At first the little girl ( Grace 's daughter ) , Anne , heard and saw these strange things , but her mother and Nicholas ( her brother ) didn ’ t believe her .
Anne always told her mother the strange things she saw , and Nicholas started too .
Time passes and everyone in the house starts to feel these strange things .
At this moment Charles ( the husband and father ) returns to the house , but one day he disappears again .
One day all the curtains in the house disappeared , and this was serious because the children were sick and could n't receive sunlight .
I would recommend this film to anyone because the story seems realistic .
The movie has excellent sound effects and transmits epic sensations .
As we discussed before the project was launched , that two-domain structure causes some problems and inconvenience both in management/maintenance and in collecting analytics ( Google , etc . ) .
Thus , using a single-domain structure seems better if it is possible to develop the site that way ( in combination with WordPress CMS and custom code ) .
Now it 's time to draw the line on all the consideration and make the final decision ( including the SCHEME ) .
To ensure the relationship between members of the same species , the movements of the procession are specific to each , and the female selects the one that suits her best .
Both mates performed movements to show a submission behavior and reach a copulation .
Before I start this rather obvious presentation , I would like to share my own opinion : well-organized scheduling and widely routed transport are one possible way to get around the city .
So , the advantages of a personal car are : you don ’ t have to worry about strangers , and you are in control of your route .
Avoid wasting time on several stops and reach your destination ( workplace , shop , or even a suburban ski club ) much more easily and quickly .
And the above arguments are against their own car—this is expensive , not ecological , and requires taking care of it ( parking , repair , insurance , cleaning ) —and they have to find a lot of money to get a car .
Thus , flexibility or price is the main question .
Once the problem of the price of owning a car is solved , the question of the necessity of public transport will be raised again .
Many people believe that the future of public transport may not exist due to an incredible increase in sales of new means of transport—such as electric cars or bicycles .
For this reason , people wonder if normal means of transport could disappear due to this new transport trend .
In my opinion , I am completely sure that public transportation is the best option for getting around the city for several reasons .
First of all , and taking into account the financial crisis , public transport , like the bus or underground , is the cheapest way to travel or even move around in your own city .
Overall , if you add not only the petrol price but also the maintenance , services , insurance , and a few expensive taxes .
In addition , everybody knows that there are more people in a bus than in a car , so the pollution produced is less .
By contrast , it is true that many places do not have good communication and could take you quite a long time to get there .
But imagine if everyone had a car , nobody could arrive on time to work .
On balance , public transport is the best option for moving around the city .
But maybe , if communication between villages and bus timetables improved , public transport could be even better .
Since we had a lot of success with this invention , I started to have some fantasies about other high-tech portable inventions I could create .
I started imagining a type of synthetic textile or fiber that , when water touches the surface , doesn ’ t get wet .
This could be really useful for the military because sometimes they have to work in the rain and their hands and body get wet , which is uncomfortable .
To achieve this , I had to alter the water 's behavior upon touching the surface so that instead of the material absorbing the water , it would reflect it .
At first , when I applied the chemical to the material , it became very rigid . As a result , it was uncomfortable to use and had very little mobility .
I used a fraction less of that chemical to put in the clothes to see the results of this minor change in volume on the secret substance I was using to make water reflect like cloth for military and other various purposes . Using it on a rainy day to replace umbrellas could make a difference .
If this invention were able to work , I could bring forth a lot of success and money for myself . I suspended the cloth again to apply the substance and see if it would work this time . I could foresee that if my partners found out about my invention , two things could happen : they would either be proud of me and start creating and developing new innovative ideas that could make great progress for humanity , or they could get really mad at me for not telling them about my project . Since we are working on an ongoing project that is very successful , they might be very disappointed in me for trying to create something else while we are still developing the invention we created about six months ago with a lot of hard work .
I am a native Russian speaker and a freelance translator specializing in technical marketing .
I provide English-to-Russian translation and cultural adaptation of websites , manuals and user guides , press releases , technical and economic materials , workshops and training programs , multimedia presentations , and more .
I have a sense of style in my native language , so the target text will sound appropriate .
A strong technical background allows me to convey an idea of how the device works to the general public without diluting its value for professionals .
I have been working as a full-time freelance translator with the largest Russian and European translation companies , such as Neotech , Logrus , ABBYY , Wessex Translations , Imprimatur , and others .
I was engaged in a wide variety of projects across different industrial sectors , including translations of product brochures , specification sheets , event materials , promotional and marketing content , dealer portals , training materials , user and dealer manuals , and websites .
Over 10 years of total marketing and sales experience in several auto tire , parts , and accessories companies gave me the opportunity to get an inside track and learn the automotive business from within .
I have gained valuable experience in brand management , client and media relations , promotions , product marketing , training , and more .
I was responsible for a variety of marketing and e-commerce functions , including the implementation of retail-oriented marketing , advertising , and product programs .
Additional consultation and iterations are included in my service to give you the opportunity to provide feedback on the translation and receive a revised version amended to your customers ' exact requirements .
There 's no future for public transport because traveling by car is so much more convenient .
When you travel by car , you can have more privacy and go anywhere anytime .
It 's more expensive but has a lot of advantages .
The public transport is good for the city , but personally , it 's terrible—you need to wait and there are n't many routes to reach your destination .
Do n't have much comfort , and sometimes you have to go without a seat .
Many times , traveling by bus is delayed and arrives crowded , then wastes time at all bus stops .
The people are different , and they are always different , no matter how much time passes , the people are different and they like that .
Maybe the poor have the possibility to buy a car as well ; if it costs a lot of money for them , they will still buy it .
It 's a question of freedom and a conquest of humanity .
No matter the improvements made to public transport , traveling by car was and will be the best choice for a future with more choices and not so rigid and compact , but flexible , fast , and convenient .
My favourite sport is yoga , which is a fantastic sport .
I like yoga because it is a relaxing sport in which we can work both our mind and our body .
Yoga helps to improve flexibility and concentration .
Yoga helps us live relaxed and accept life as it is .
It allows you to work the organism through stretching techniques .
Yoga has many emotional , spiritual , and moral benefits that help us deal better with the situations we face on a daily basis .
The advice I would give someone starting this sport is to relax and enjoy the most of what yoga has to offer .
According to Lunde , 85 % of homicide victims are killed by someone they know .
Yes , statistics from South Carolina do support this thesis .
These tragedies illustrate the effect of frustration on the human body .
People who murder others probably didn ’ t enter the situation intending to kill the other person .
The person 's frustration led to anger and aggression that simply got out of control .
Even small things , such as getting in the way of someone 's goal , can lead to frustration , which can result in the aggressive act of murder .
These tragedies also illustrate the flippancy with which we Americans view murder and other forms of violence .
Through exposure , we may have become desensitized to violence .
The media also play a part in this flippancy .
When a character is shot , they often appear in the next scene .
Kids , in particular , are n't developing realistic schemas about violence .
The media can also desensitize men to sex crimes , leading to more rapes .
We as potential parents must instill in our children—the future presidents , doctors , teachers , and even murderers—a true picture of aggression and the need to control it .
Racial prejudice is not as pronounced as it was 30 years ago .
It actually appears to be declining .
This is evidenced in , for example , cartoons and TV shows—racial minorities are not publicly stereotyped .
Attitudes regarding desegregation have also changed—perhaps as a result of the psychology of inevitability and cognitive dissonance .
Perhaps through the media and other sources , some misconceptions are being cleared up , and more realistic information is being provided to the public .
I would suggest that he either focus on the similarities between his ideas and opinions and that person 's or genuinely consider presenting his opinions and then converting to the other 's opinions .
He should also appear competent but not perfect ( the pratfall effect ) .
He could initially pretend to think negatively of her and then gradually evaluate her more positively ( gain-loss theory ) .
The client should appear as attractive as he can without using his attractiveness to manipulate her .
The client can hope ( particularly if he is of average or lower attractiveness ) that she has moderately low self-esteem and will thus be less selective in her choices for dates or friends .
The client should also disclose personal information .
To induce the client to like him .
This advice can be backed up with research .
It would be better for the client to ask a favor of the person—because of this cognitive dissonance , the other would view the client more favorably .
In discussing sensitivity , the author emphasizes the importance of being sensitive to one 's own feelings , thoughts , and the effects of one 's own behaviour on others .
Only when this is accomplished can he become sensitive to the feelings of others .
Sensitivity is a necessary component of effective communication .
Confrontation can make one more sensitive to their own behavior and how others interpret it .
One should be sensitive to others ' interpretations of one 's behavior so that one will know better how to act .
Michael arrived home at 5:45 p.m .
He stormed into his room with a furious expression .
He sat on his bed , screaming .
After that , he started smashing his things .
His mother heard the noise and decided to check what was going on .
She took the stairs and went into Michael 's room .
She saw things lying all over the place .
She asked him why he had done it .
Michael , instead of answering , shouted at her .
He and his mother clashed over something .
A while later , she left the room , leaving the door open .
At that moment , Michael began to calm down .
He thought about what he had done and let out a sigh .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Genetic manipulation is an area that has caused a great deal of controversy within the scientific field with a number of advantages and disadvantages .
One of the main advantages is the ability to tailor other organisms ' genetic makeup to human needs .
The possibilities are endless ; a crop could be designed to grow in the dry , hot conditions of many third-world countries , relieving their worries of starvation .
Cattle could be bred to be more efficient at converting plant energy to body mass , or diseases could even be killed off by altering people 's resistance to them .
Of course , genetic manipulation already exists to some extent .
Racehorses are bred from certain combinations of parents , and gardeners crossbreed plants to suit their individual needs .
However , there is much opposition to the process of genetic mutation .
The advantages seem very favorable , and I 'm sure a scientist would take much credit for them .
But would he accept the blame if he caused one of the many drawbacks of genetic manipulation ?
The sentence is already correct .
The question is one of ethics and morals .
Is it right to try to change motive ?
Is it the right of a man to play God ?
It is also possible that we might not be able to control the new organisms created by genetic engineering .
A new plant with an increased growth rate may seem like an answer to all our problems , but what would we do if it suddenly upset the ecosystem , drained the soil of its nutrients , and prevented other plants from growing ?
In theory , a scientist should take responsibility for this , but in an area such as genetic manipulation , about which we do not know a great deal , it may not be possible to find a solution .
The sentence is already correct . Another problem would be the process of testing .
We are already near the stage where it is possible to test people 's genetic makeup to determine the likelihood of their developing certain illnesses .
Soon it may be possible for firms to employ only people with a certain expected lifespan or for insurance companies to refuse to insure certain individuals on the basis of a genetic test .
Although the threat of the Cold War has diminished , the technology made available through studies into genetic warfare could be dangerous in the wrong hands—particularly in the area of germ warfare .
Although scientists can take credit for the developments and improvements in the quality of life that their research brings , there are also many disadvantages for which they would be forced to take responsibility due to the misuse of this new technology .
I 'm so sorry for sending the email too late .
It 's nice to hear from you and read .
The first days of March were terrible , because I had a cold and then a toothache for about 2 weeks .
Now I have healed .
We are fine .
I 'm doing my job and studying for my master 's degree .
In my first semester of my master 's , I studied Thin Film Fabrications and Applications , Theoretical Physics , and Diffraction Methods . Theoretical Physics was a little boring .
Studying Raman spectroscopy .
I am glad the weather will be warming the temperature from -4 to +2 degrees Celsius .
The problem is that there is n't enough time to learn English .
It 's bad .
I 'm confused , but I know only one thing : I must study English .
It had long been discussed that people always learn big lessons from mistakes .
Some people think there is no room for mistakes in daily life , work , or even in their family .
However , I certainly consider making mistakes a truly necessary step in our learning experience .
I am going to share a true story about Michael to support my viewpoint .
Michael was a six-year-old child who lived in the lovely countryside with his parents and his newborn little brother , Tom .
In this small countryside , Michael received all of his parents ' love , attention , and passion .
Nonetheless , things went differently until little Tom was born ; Michael lost all care suddenly .
He felt deep despair and tried all his efforts to regain the concern that belonged to him .
In a zoo in the south of France , millions of species live .
This place is visited daily by many children and adults from that country , as well as from other countries .
One day , some friends from the city where this zoo is located decided to stroll along the river , have a picnic , play football , and spend a good time together .
They were on holiday .
Suddenly , while they were playing football and each eating a sandwich , Max saw a little lion that wanted to attack and get all of their food . Although it was tender to see , Bob was a little scared .
Max was very fond of the animal , because he thought it was very small and very playful ; otherwise , he and his three other friends would never have approached the animal .
It was dusk in the warm summer of southern France when they saw two security men walking toward them from the great zoo of the city . We looked at each other and said that an animal had escaped from the zoo .
Finally , the starry sky and the full night , and everyone in your house .
He was very exhausted and said , " What an amazing day ! "
Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
I 'm so glad to hear you 're coming !
The sentence is already correct . You have no idea how happy I am .
Regarding your question , I 'll try to explain how you can get to my house .
There are three possibilities .
First , you can take a taxi , but I have to warn you about the taxi drivers .
They 're sly and could ask you to pay more than it really costs .
Second , you can take the bus .
Unfortunately , our buses are n't comfortable .
The last alternative , which I recommend to you , is my car !
I 'll pick you up at the airport , and it wo n't cost you anything .
Since you asked about the best places to visit , I 'd suggest a few places such as Oxford , London , and Piccadilly .
These places are truly beautiful !
I 'm sorry I wo n't be able to accompany you on your excursions , as I do n't have much free time and need to complete my assignments .
You 're lucky because museums and galleries are n't too far from my house .
You can visit one of the most famous museums in the UK , such as the British Museum .
I recommend seeing the galleries in the Royal Academy of Arts and the National Portrait Gallery .
I 'm certain you wo n't be disappointed !
I had never felt so nervous before in my life because it was the first time I had been on stage and sung in front of such a big crowd .
How could I have known that months later I would be performing for the president of our country in front of even more people ?
As I walked toward the stage in this hall , feeling every eye on me , several thoughts ran through my head .
I thought of losing consciousness , having a heart attack , or even worse : being called a bad singer by someone in the audience .
At this point , my knees started wobbling , and I felt as if I were walking on pudding .
Whenever I flash back to those seconds , which felt like hours , I have no idea how I really managed to get on that stage , but somehow I finally found myself standing there , slowly reaching for the microphone with my hands shaking as if an earthquake had just struck .
The moment had come .
I inhaled and could almost feel the air expanding my lungs .
I opened my mouth , tried to calm down , and brought all my concentration to the first note , which ... didn ’ t come .
Well , it did , but not noticeably for anyone .
So I tried again , and suddenly my attitude changed from that of a mouse who was nervous as hell to that of a woman who loved singing and sharing it with the world .
The melody began to flow , and I happily filled the hall with music .
As it says at the top , " There is no future for public transport because travelling by car is so much more convenient . "
" Yes , I agree with that because now people are getting tired of waiting for the bus or any public transport vehicles . Now , the personal car is the power ; if you want to go ... "
I do n't know ... in a place like your holiday house , maybe a bus ca n't get there and you need a personal car .
If you want to move stuff from one place to a different place , you ca n't do that with a bus ; you need a personal car , so a personal car is better than a public transport vehicle .
The principal aim of this report is to provide the organizers of an international festival with information about the interests of young people in my country .
I am going to write about their interests in music , television programmes , and the clothes they are used to wearing , concluding with my personal statement .
Firstly , by conducting a survey among young people in my area , it emerged that music is essential to them .
In fact , youngsters are inspired by the songs they listen to and by the music videos they watch as well .
For the same reason , most of those surveyed claimed that their favorite singer is also their idol .
Secondly , young people expressed interest in television programmes such as films and series .
The series became so popular that numerous teenagers spend at least half of their afternoons watching them on their devices , neglecting schoolwork and extracurricular activities .
Moreover , sometimes young people become obsessed with TV series and lose their social lives as well .
Lastly but not least , youngsters are interested in fashion .
In fact , almost every girl interviewed admitted that she is very keen on being fashionable , and a large number of them claimed that they love having a wide range of clothes in order to show how fancy they are .
In conclusion , I personally think that the next international festival should consider all of these young people 's interests if the organizers want it to be a success .
In the picture , I can see a boy walking two dogs by the seaside .
I think he 's about 12 years old .
He is wearing a black-and-white jacket and black shorts .
He is barefoot .
One dog has brown fur ; its breed is dachshund .
The second dog is white and its breed is Maltese .
The boy is looking at the dogs to leash them .
It seems that he is happy .
There are some rocks in the sea and on the beach ; there is also a bough lying on the sand .
The weather does n't look very bad , but it 's cloudy and I think it 's not so hot there .
Dear Jo ,
First , I would like to thank you for visiting my country .
I 'm sure my country is the best option .
The reason I say this is that it has plenty of wonderful landscapes as well as career opportunities .
Next , I am proud to tell you about the beauty of my country .
There are 54 ethnic minorities living harmoniously together in the S-shaped country .
Every minority inhabits each region that is different from the others .
My country has not only modern cities but also sparse villages that make you feel a lot of emotion .
I would especially say that the cuisine is something you should n't miss .
Then , despite being a developing country , there are many opportunities to grow your career .
Nowadays , Vietnam has been attracting foreign investments from many countries .
Besides the dominant industry improving prominently , especially the export field .
We mainly export agricultural products , for instance , rice , seasonal fruits , and vegetables .
Travel services occupy a large share of my country 's GDP with many types of travel .
Finally , I am looking forward to seeing you in my country soon .
Sincerely ,
Ngoc Duong
I really like the topic of electricity .
In today 's world , everybody uses electrical energy for almost everything .
It is present in your personal computer , lamps , and anything you need to plug in .
But almost no one knows that the electricity travels a long way to arrive at your houses .
The journey starts in the plant of energy , where electricity is generated by resources like water , wind , solar energy , nuclear energy , and other methods .
Then , the electrical energy travels to the substation .
After this , the electrical energy needs to lose a little energy to reach your house without issues , and this occurs in a place called a substation .
Therefore , we need to think very carefully before wasting energy .
The cost is high for you and especially for the environment .
The sentence is already correct as it is a single word , not a full sentence . However , if you meant to provide a full sentence for correction , please provide it within the tags . Otherwise , the output is : ESSAY
The sentence is already correct . It is widely known that the majority of teenagers are keen on video games .
Some people believe that it 's a waste of time and a bad habit , while others think that it 's a good way to spend your free time .
To my mind , there are pros and cons .
First of all , computer games can help you escape from your busy schedule and get some rest and relaxation after school .
Apart from that , it 's quite convenient , mainly because you stay at home and have entertainment .
Video games are also more interesting than traditional toys , so they capture teenagers ' interest .
Last but not least , some of them are educational and provide you with the ideal opportunity to gain knowledge .
On the other hand , there are many disadvantages .
To begin with , when you spend a lot of hours in front of the computer screen , you become addicted to it .
As a result , you don ’ t get together with your friends or communicate face to face .
Additionally , many video games are full of violence , and teens tend to imitate them , leading to violent and aggressive behavior .
Also , playing video games for hours can be very harmful to your eyes .
In conclusion , computer games are a nice way to spend your free time but always in moderation .
The invention of the computer has significantly changed people 's lives .
This is , realistically , quite a new invention , and in its short lifespan , it has been able to change the world significantly .
Not to mention how it will change people 's lifestyles in the future .
These changes resulting from the invention of the computer have been , I feel , both bad and good .
Technologically , computers have drastically improved people 's lives .
No longer are the days when people had to write a paper by hand or even with a simple typewriter .
Personal computers are becoming quite common and , therefore , less expensive and easier to own .
Computers have also made life transpire much more quickly than before .
Gone are the days when someone who wanted money from a bank had to wait until it opened .
We now have ATMs , or automatic teller machines , that can perform the same transactions as a teller .
It seems these days everything is run by computers !
We can complete our tasks much better and more efficiently .
Computers have positively affected nearly every facet of life .
While computers have brought about improvements , in my opinion , they have also impersonalized the world .
Jobs are being taken from humans who are n't " fast enough . "
Interaction with humans in some places has become extinct .
Yes , it might be more efficient to have a computer handle your transaction at a bank , but I miss the human interaction between people .
In addition , it is very dangerous to place all of one 's trust in a machine .
It is a common fact that machines do fail !
Sure , a car with a computer that tells the driver when an oncoming obstacle is approaching is safe , but what happens when the driver relies too much on the computer and not enough on their own brain ?
People soon stop thinking and allow machines to do the work for them .
I feel afraid when our society relies so heavily on so many wires .
Computers are not able to express or truly feel emotions , and therefore are incapable , in some instances , of functioning .
With the invention of the computer came many changes , shifting lifestyles from the past to those of the future .
Some of these changes will save people 's lives , such as advances in medical technology and safety .
But I fear our world will become a very impersonal place .
I hope we can determine which improvements should be made and which should remain " slow . "
Dear Mrs. Ashby ,
I am writing to apply for one of the positions assisting in your café .
I saw an advertisement for this job near my house .
I have the right qualification for this job . For instance , I have taken courses in cooking , so I am interested in all kinds of food .
Furthermore , I am very good at dealing with people . Last summer , I worked as a guide at a museum .
I am very hardworking , enjoy working with others , and am willing to work as much as you need .
I would like the opportunity to work at a café .
I am sociable and enjoy working with others .
In addition , this job would offer me more experience in my chosen professional field since I want to apply in the future as a chef in a restaurant .
I am available for an interview at any time .
I am looking forward to hearing from you at your earliest convenience .
Please do n't hesitate to contact me if you need any further information .
I can be contacted at 0741123456 at any hour .
Yours faithfully
Flor de Barbus
I would like to recommend Mzoli 's restaurant .
It 's a place located in the heart of Warsaw .
A lot of foreigners go there to try delicious traditional South African grilled food .
It is rather an informal restaurant , designed in a rustic style that guarantees a really nice ambiance .
When it comes to food , you can try all kinds of grilled meat , even the most exotic ones .
About the service , I can all it unusual as you choose your meat and the staff will prepare your dish , then you go to the kitchen to get your dish and eat it with your hands .
I have been there once , and I really like that place . You feel at home , and the food is delicious .
The price is also the lowest I could find in this country .
The main reason I like that place is that I could see many different people from different parts of the world .
I 've been there several times , but I 'd still like to go again with my classmates .
The best film .
I am a fan club for films called High School Musical .
High School Musical is the best film I could see in the world .
When you see the thriller , you can stop looking and immediately want to see the film .
It 's a move everyone could see .
I think I find it exciting because I love all films like them .
This great movie is about a group of people who go to secondary school . This school is n't like all schools ; it 's different because there are a lot of activities like basketball , theater , etc .
I think people might like to see it because when you watch , you can stop it and there 's a lot of music , songs , and people dancing .
In my opinion , it 's the best film I 've seen in my life , and if you have the opportunity to see it , do it .
The reason fox hunting should be banned is that it is a cruel sport .
There are many people trying to stop the sport from taking place .
The reason people kill and hunt foxes is that they kill chickens and that they enjoy the social side of the sport .
In the present time , I am sure farmers can come up with some idea to prevent foxes from getting at their chickens .
If they did this , there would be no need to kill foxes or go on hunts .
When hunts take place , other wildlife is harmed as well as the foxes .
Some homes of animals may be destroyed and some innocent animals may be harmed .
Once the foxes are caught , it is said that they suffer a horrible death , and if this continues , it will be unfair .
Many people have no problems with foxes , and hunting should not be considered a sport , as it is not fun to experience .
If fewer foxes are killed , it means there will be fewer rabbits around to destroy the crops , which will benefit many farmers . This is not cruel ; it is just the way of life .
Fox hunting is a horrible sport , as the fox is hunted down by a pack of dogs and men on horseback .
The fox is then chased until it 's caught .
Thinking about this is very upsetting , and most people would be relieved if fox hunting were banned .
Foxes have as much right on this earth as we do , and I am sure we can deal with the situation in a different way .
I am sure nobody will want to go through what a fox goes through on a hunt , so I do not see why we should put foxes through it .
If foxes are unable to harm farm animals , there is no danger in banning the sport .
The reason fox hunting should continue is to keep the number of foxes down and avoid disrupting the food chain .
Foxes are not needed to keep down the rabbit population as farmers are able to use poisons to kill the rabbits .
If you ban fox hunting , it will mean that the protesters have won , and this will give them the incentive to protest about something else .
A few people enjoy the sport , as it allows them to socialise .
I believe that fox hunting should be banned as it is very cruel .
Another reason why it should not be banned is that foxes give chickens a cruel death when they kill them .
If they decide to continue the sport because they need to kill foxes , it should be banned and a more humane method of killing should be considered .
The report
This report will address whether cars should be banned from the centers of all major cities .
The number of cars has increased in countries over the last decade .
Too many cars driving around can pose a serious problem for people .
What should we do to make up for it ?
The sentence is already correct . There are some pros and cons .
Pros
First , there would be less noise on the streets .
In particular , in Spain , where city centres are usually quite narrow .
Second , there would be less air pollution .
It has been proven that too much smog in the atmosphere is harmful to health .
Third , cities would be more livable .
Areas where people can enjoy walking around .
Considerations
First , local sellers ' businesses could be harmed in that area because they might need to transport goods to and from their shops .
Second , people who live in that part of the city could be affected negatively because they might need to drive through it to get home .
In my opinion , it would be a good idea to do it , but we would need to balance different interests in order to do it right .
Some believe computers will replace books in the future .
I believe this is true because computers are more convenient and easier to use .
Tablets are light , and you can carry only one without needing many heavy books .
And it is common knowledge that gadgets make our lives easier .
But some people have a different opinion about it .
First , studying at school became simpler . Students can find a lot of different information about interesting things .
I do n't know where to start .
I 'm only going to bear my heart to my computer .
I feel lonely myself .
And I do n't know exactly what I need , and I do n't know for sure what I should do .
But I 'm sure I need some changes in my life .
I wish some really pleasant and enjoyable events would burst into my life .
I 'm sure it must happen .
The question is how much longer I have to wait .
My patience is already running out .
I refuse to understand and accept the fact that I ca n't afford a luxurious life .
Yes , I always dreamed about wealth .
I am not a greedy or avaricious person .
I only want my wishes to be fulfilled .
I don ’ t have many desires in my mind .
I only wish my most loved ones are healthy , wealthy , and happy .
I wish my daughters , my husband , and I were traveling a lot ; we love each other and have enough money for everything we want .
The Single European Act , signed in February 1986 by the heads of government of the 12 member states of the European Community and which came into force on 1 July 1987 , aims to create a single market by the end of 1992 .
The main goal is to be attained by removing all fiscal , technical , and physical barriers .
This means that a merchant or tradesman would be able to sell their goods in any community country , an individual would be able to borrow and deposit money in the banks of any member state , and also work in any member state with national qualifications .
There would also be the introduction of a European passport and an integrated transport system .
Despite the fact that the proposals put forward to amend the Treaty of Rome came from an Englishman , namely Lord Cockfield , there has been widespread dissatisfaction in Britain regarding the single market , shown by frequent discussions in Parliament and letters to leading national newspapers , whereas Jacques Delors , the president of the European Commission , described the measures adopted as a mere compromise .
In accordance with the constitutional law of the United Kingdom , Parliament is the supreme law-making body in the United Kingdom .
Consequently , the emergence of another source of law , deemed to be supranational , is inevitably a problem .
One of the prerogative powers conferred upon the Parliament is the right to make treaties .
However , these treaties are not directly effective for British individuals , so where a treaty contains provisions giving rights and duties to an individual , they can not place reliance upon the treaty until it is substantially incorporated into the law of the United Kingdom by an Act of Parliament .
This acts as a curb on the enforcement of European Community Law , so that to a certain extent , a degree of sovereignty is retained .
Yet , this is not as advantageous as it may at first appear , for there is a general judicial presumption that Parliament does not intend to legislate contrary to European Community Law .
Personally , I believe that although the integration of Britain into Europe would be beneficial in many areas , such as freedom of transportation , movement , work , and many others , there are also many disadvantages , including a certain loss of sovereignty .
Although the British Parliament will continue to regulate the acts or omissions of individuals on a personal basis—for example , in criminal law—its freedom to legislate in the domain of public law will be severely restricted .
Not only will Parliament be obliged to enforce Community Law , but any later statutes passed by the British Parliament will also either be construed in the light of Community provisions or declared invalid .
To conclude , it is possible to infer that the sovereignty of Britain will be diminished in many ways , although only within the sphere where Community Law prevails over national law .
In other senses , the sovereignty of Britain will be safeguarded , for Parliament will still reign supreme within the United Kingdom .
The turn of the century has brought many changes that have greatly altered lives around the globe .
Each decade has introduced its own new " fad " or discovery that has become fixed in our minds as " typical " of the era .
The " Roaring 20 's , " for example , were marked by flapper skirts and the invention of the automobile .
A very capricious decade , it can be contrasted with the years of hunger and unemployment that marked the " Great Depression " of the 1930s .
How could we ever forget the " Fabulous Fifties " or the hippie decades of the 60s and 70s ?
For change is inevitable , and as difficult as it may be to pinpoint any one accomplishment from the last 100 years as the most remarkable of the century , there is one aspect of the 20th century that will remain with me forever .
As we embark on the year 2000 , I think it is only fair to call the 20th century " the Century of Democracy . "
Perhaps it 's because today is November 4th , the day after the U.S. elections .
Perhaps it is because the former superpower , the Soviet Union , is now making its transition into a democracy .
Perhaps it 's because I 'm thousands of miles from home , but I 'm feeling very patriotic these days .
No , I 'm not engulfed in the typical ethnocentric idealism of a citizen of the United States .
Rather , I feel patriotic because I can look around the world today and see that it is becoming a better place to live for people of all nations .
In the past two years alone , we have seen people all over the world finally take a stand for what they believe in .
Not too long ago , I remember the democratic demonstrations that led the people of East and West Germany to unite into one democratic nation .
At the World Expo in Seville , not a month ago , I bought a chunk of what was once the Berlin Wall—the Wall that was a symbol to many of the harsh realities of the Cold War .
That wall is gone forever , and I feel lucky to have been among the many who could witness its fall .
The Soviet Union , as well as going through its own transition to democracy .
The sentence is already correct .
The superpower among superpowers that to me had long been the example of Marxism is now following in the footsteps of the rest of the world .
With the end of the Cold War , there have been more peaceful relations throughout the world .
The idea of nuclear war is practically nonexistent today .
Arms sales have gone down so that nations may spend this money on more worthwhile areas .
In conclusion , as the turn of the century slowly approaches , I look back with a sense of accomplishment as well as anticipation for what lies ahead .
In a world of many scattered nations , conflict is inevitable .
However , if we all share one bond—democracy—then perhaps together , we can learn to understand one another and work toward a happier world for all .
It is a well-known fact that everybody needs holidays .
To begin this topic , we need to consider several matters .
Firstly , we must be aware of our economic situation , the season we are in , the people who are coming with us , the transport , the accommodation , the place , and other matters we should consider when deciding to go on holiday .
Secondly , we should consider two main options : going abroad or staying around our home .
This might be the first question we ask ourselves before going on vacation .
Nowadays , due to globalization and the increased number of flights around the world , we can find a wide range of webpages where flight companies offer their services at incredibly low prices .
Because of these low prices , many people decide to go abroad instead of travelling near their homes .
Of course , in order to prepare a good trip , you must also consider the accommodation , the food , etc. , and depending on the place you choose , you will spend more or less money .
Another point to consider should be the environment . If you go abroad , you can visit the most well-known typical monuments and natural historical places around the world , and if you stay in your country , although it is certain you can see a lot of places , the things to see are limited .
In conclusion , one must consider several points when planning a holiday trip , and it depends on the person 's knowledge of where to go , how to get there , and what determines whether a trip will be cheap or expensive .
Dear Sir ,
My name is Tomás García , and I am writing regarding the advertisement that appeared in the newspaper yesterday about the summer camp job .
I am 25 years old and I come from Spain .
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I can speak English fluently too .
Besides , as you can see from my enclosed CV , I studied for a Law Degree and worked in companies such as ..... and ..... , in roles very similar to the one you are offering .
That is why I consider my experience and qualifications to fit very well with this position 's requirements .
Moreover , I would especially like to point out that I have always been interested in working with people , especially taking care of little children and helping them to be happy .
For all these reasons , I consider myself a very suitable candidate for this position and I would appreciate the opportunity to come in for an interview and talk with you further about this vacancy .
My contact details are in the attached CV ; let me know at your convenience .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely .
The European Community was the grouping of 12 sovereign European states whose intention was to develop closer economic and political cooperation .
Its intention is to encourage greater freedom of movement of goods , services , capital , and the workforce .
The competition for trade in modern times is so great that Britain has no choice but to join Europe in order to increase the market for its goods .
The sentence is already correct .
The European market will give us the opportunity to use this skill in a much wider market .
The creation of a single European commercial market will also benefit consumers since a harmonisation of standards is being introduced , hopefully to the highest common denominator .
The European Union does not serve only as a useful trade association ; however , environmental problems can be tackled more effectively if the European community confronts such problems together .
Cooperation between community police forces will assist in overcoming the problems of drug smuggling and terrorism .
The common defence policy for such a large area of Europe would also be beneficial and possibly less costly if the member states pooled their resources .
However , some loss of national sovereignty will inevitably occur .
The Single European Act was designed to speed up the decision-making of certain institutions .
The act meant that member governments had to commit to greater cooperation and joint action in the areas of foreign , social , and environmental policy , thus leaving less room for differences of opinion among the members .
The decisions of the European Court of Justice already take precedence over national law , which can be seen as a major infringement on our national sovereignty .
More participation in the election of members of the European Parliament would help to elect those best able to promote British interests in Europe .
The question is how much sovereignty Britain is prepared to lose and whether the benefits of belonging to a single Europe outweigh the disadvantages .
A certain loss of sovereignty has already been felt , and in the next few years this will increase .
As far as the immediate future is concerned , a certain loss of sovereignty is the price we have to pay for material progress .
In most earlier studies , the effect of either ocean acidification or warming has been investigated at a time .
However , in nature these stressors affect the organism in combination , and the effect could be greater than that of a single stressor .
I remember how the old people treated their children .
They were all poor and did n't have enough money to pay for their children 's education .
All the children should help their parents .
Some of them have been adopted by other parents .
The children wanted an education but did n't have enough money to pay for it .
Some of the children were working in the sugarcane field or in a shop to earn money to feed themselves , and there were many good people who were well-mannered .
Nowadays many people have changed their lifestyle .
And their lives have become birds in the sky .
Some of them have already achieved their life goals .
They have plenty of money , and their children have everything they want , but some children are very badly mannered .
They do n't respect their parents and never wonder what they did .
Some of them have already given birth to a child at the age of sixteen or married .
The world has already changed now .
They have good doctors who are qualified and have great skills .
Many people developed their own countries .
For example , they want to attract more and more tourists to their country .
Some of the children who are eighteen years old have already left their homes to live with their girlfriends .
They did not remember what their parents had done for them .
The people have changed their lifestyle .
Some of the boys like to get a new hairstyle .
Just like girls , they like to accessorize with items like makeup .
They want to create a new fashion trend to make a name for themselves .
People became more skilled and also more ill-mannered .
Over the next 50 years , people can create many electronic things like cars and machines such as televisions .
The television has brought many advantages that would never have been envisaged by our great-grandparents .
People will develop more television models .
Year by year the world will change and become more developed .
Long ago , early cars had wooden bodies , which made them extremely vulnerable in the event of a crash .
About 30 years ago , cars switched to all-steel bodies .
Today 's cars are stronger , lighter , and safer than earlier designs .
Today , people create more new features .
The television is an interesting source of information that people see every day , ranging from comedy programs to quantum physics . It can be a subject of study if you propose it , as it is just another tool in your research .
If you arrive in the morning , you can watch TV news , which has a good rating , as all people need to have information about the world day after day .
If you come in the afternoon , you 'll find children or young people , but those who are really interested in this proposal are the people who want to watch soap operas at these times and prefer comedies or interesting documentaries about whatever they like .
Hi Ana ,
Yes , I 'm currently learning English .
By coincidence , I work in the IT sphere now , so I need this language in my daily communication with customers .
Please feel free to contact me if you have any questions .
Thanks ,
Alex
I do n't agree .
I think the future is public transport .
Also , I think this applies to many things .
Now we live in a shared world , where everything is shared : work , development , ideas , and many other things .
This is a new philosophy .
The basis of this philosophy is " to share " .
This idea brings great benefits to all .
The same applies to transport .
If we shared transport ( public transport ) , there would be fewer cars , resulting in less pollution and less traffic .
Everyone saves money and the overall economy improves .
The cities become more agile and are easier to get around .
This model has many advantages .
To solve the problem of traditional models , because then traffic is worse and the time spent on both kinds of transport can increase and become horrible , it 's more comfortable and quicker to travel by personal transport . However , if only one mode of transport existed , it would be more efficient and comfortable for all of us .
I think the whole world would benefit—environment , people , families , work , and so on .
I agree with this statement . I think the future will be such that everyone will have their own car , and they wo n't use public transport .
Nowadays , every person wants to live conveniently for themselves .
So they just buy a new car for themselves .
But some people ca n't afford it .
Because they do n't have enough money and they have material problems .
So they account for using public transport .
Poor people are untouchable .
In my opinion , using public transport will not be as popular as travelling by car .
In my opinion , public transport has a long future because many people live in big cities and they don ’ t use cars to get around the city since public transport is more comfortable . They can take the bus and then the underground to finally arrive anywhere they want .
But if they use the car , they will probably be late for the place they are going .
I think if people use public transport , there will be less pollution and the sky over the city could be blue instead of gray , so no one should say that public transport has no future .
Moreover , many people use public transport because they do n't have a car .
In conclusion , nowadays people are very conscious about the environment , which could be harmed by cars , and they don ’ t use their cars as much , so I don ’ t think this is the end for public transport .
Today we watch a lot of television . I think that this is not a great result , because watching more television can make you lazy .
In addition , most of these programs are stupid , good only for saving your time .
The reason is that many people don ’ t want to receive bad news , but they only love to be entertained .
Fortunately , not all TV channels have these programs .
There is somebody who tries to invent new programs to educate people .
One of these is Channel 5 . During the day , it broadcasts some interesting programs about history and nature .
I strongly believe that it 's possible to do both programs .
For example , during the day it 's possible to mix news broadcasts , quiz programs , but also documentaries and interviews .
If we have channel programs like these , I am sure that all Italian citizens could benefit greatly and gain more knowledge about our beautiful world .
Dear Alison ,
How are you doing ? I am writing to you just to share the eating habits and customs in my country .
In Argentina , the most typical foods are empanadas , mate , and dulce de leche .
I am a hundred percent sure that everyone in this country has already tried empanadas at least once .
We usually have breakfast as soon as we wake up .
Most people drink chocolate milk and eat biscuits for breakfast .
We also have teatime , and we eat something similar to what we have in the morning . I know it might sound kind of weird to you ! We have lunch at twelve o'clock and dinner around ten .
What really makes a traditional Sunday in Argentina is the food , most commonly the barbecue , with the whole family .
It is a custom that I hope I will never lose ! You should come visit me and experience it for yourself ; I am sure you will love it !
I hope this letter has helped you !
Best wishes
The correct spelling is likely " Belle " or " Bel , " depending on the intended meaning . Without additional context , here are possible corrections : Belle or Bel
Lots of people believe that sooner or later public transport will lose its important role .
First of all , due to the fact that travelling by car is much more convenient .
Actually , you can use your vehicle not only to get to the office or to reach the shopping mall , but even to go on holiday without having to stand in a queue before catching a train , a plane , or a bus .
Actually , there are lots of traffic jams , and it is quite common to be stuck along the road .
But it could be quite similar for traveling by bus and other means of transportation .
Secondly , cars are becoming cheaper day by day , so everyone can afford to buy one , even those who are not considered wealthy .
So far , public transport has been considered relatively cheap , environmentally friendly , and fast .
On the one hand , we can not forget that cars have a bad impact on air quality and that they are one of the most important causes of pollution .
On the other hand , everyone is more or less aware that airline companies surely have a great impact on air pollution .
Anyway , it could be possible to travel by car , and when you arrive at a certain destination , you can choose to cycle or walk instead of taking buses , trains , the underground , or other public means of transport .
Cycling or walking could be even better than public transport : much healthier , cheaper , and faster .
We must also take into consideration the fact that the car industry has developed many new vehicles .
New models are now available , for example electric cars , which are environmentally friendly ; they are not so expensive that everyone can buy one .
In conclusion , I strongly believe that public transport has no future and that traveling by car will become faster , cheaper , and even less harmful to the environment day by day .
I think doing sports is healthy .
When we do sports , we feel better , and our body and mind are in good shape .
My favorite sport is yoga .
I go to the gym three times a week .
I love it because when the class finishes , I feel well .
I sometimes go for a walk in the forest .
I walked the Camino de Santiago 10 years ago .
I like it very much .
I walked 760 kilometres .
I started in Roncesvalles and finished in Santiago de Compostela .
The way is so beautiful .
I met a lot of people from other countries , such as Brazil , Germany , and Australia .
A car might be more comfortable but is still riskier than a train or bus .
I prefer using my private car because of the long distance between my home and my company 's location .
Michael was just sitting there , wondering what would come next in his life .
Time passed , while the answers still did not come to him ; that was the moment he decided to make things happen .
He took a bag filled with clothes and snacks ; no matter what , this would become the adventure of his life , a new beginning .
He walked outside his home and took the very first cab he saw .
" Nowhere " was written in black bold letters on a sign in the front window of that cab .
He began wondering about the infinite choices ahead of him .
Just take me to a bar , he thought to himself , but no , that was too simple .
" He kept repeating 'Take me to the airport ' in his mind , but no , that was too crazy . "
" Just drive , it does n't matter where , " he said to the taxi driver , whispering to himself , " maybe I should n't run away . "
He felt the guilt of leaving the very second he grabbed the cab door .
Was it because of his wife ?
No .
Was it because of her daughter ?
No .
It was because of his poorly paid job ?
No .
He lacked courage before ; previously , it was selfish ; before that , it was incorrect .
But the question on his mind was : " Does that really matter ? "
Michael closed the door and knew in that moment he had made a mistake .
It is true that traveling by car is much more convenient than traveling by public transport .
But at the same time , it also consumes much more energy than travelling by public transport .
Rather than saying there is no future for public transport ,
I think it 's more accurate to say that there 's no future for individual auto transport .
Due to global warming , many countries , including Taiwan , Turkey , and Germany , have started to promote public transport in order to protect the environment .
Their government tries to increase oil prices and decrease public transport prices .
Although the government tries to encourage us to use more public transport .
I think it still has a limited impact on our society .
The most efficient way is to promote it ourselves .
If we all start to use public transport and tell people how good it is for our planet .
I guess more people will start doing it .
Social Networks
If you want to talk with your friends , share photos , or post anything you like , you have many opportunities to do so : social media sites .
Nowadays , people use the Internet to do many things—from finding information to sharing photos , uploading videos , and other useful activities .
Social networks are very widespread on the internet now .
The most popular social networks are Facebook , Twitter , WhatsApp , Tumblr , Yahoo , Flickr , Ask.fm , and so on .
Let 's use Facebook as an example .
Facebook is the largest and most widely used social network .
It has over 1 billion users .
You can use a Facebook account to text your friends , keep in touch with them , share your experiences , receive notifications , upload photos and videos , and , of course , see what your friends post .
You can also see their opinions and what 's new in politics , business , and entertainment .
You can promote your own business , so your products and services can find their target more easily .
Facebook has many benefits , but at the same time , it can be very dangerous .
There are so many people on the internet who pretend to be someone else .
Now , let me tell you my Facebook story .
At the age of 11 , I created my first Facebook account .
I was so excited about it !
I felt like I had just discovered the technology .
I started posting photos of myself , sharing videos , updating my status , and meeting new people .
Then , I was thinking it would sound cooler to write on Facebook that I live in the Netherlands and work at Jack Daniel 's .
I remember that I used to answer everybody , no matter who they were .
I talked with Romanians , Indian English speakers , Arabs , and other strangers .
I did n't realize I was in danger .
Two years later , when I was 13 years old , I started to realise that my old photos , videos , and statuses were completely stupid , and I decided to delete them all !
I have also changed my workplace and my country , and I deleted unknown people from my " friends list , " but I made a really big mistake : I made my phone number public !
One week later , after making my phone number public , I was called by a lot of strangers , and some of them were using the private number .
I really did n't like it !
Now I 'm 15 years old , and I think I 'm mature enough to use Facebook . I 've learned a lot from the big mistakes I 've made on Facebook so far .
I do n't accept friend requests from people I do n't know , I do n't talk to strangers , I do n't give out my personal details ( especially my phone number ) , and I think twice before posting something .
I 'm thinking now : What was going through my mind when I was talking with strangers ?
Oh my God , I was in real danger !
So , I want to give you some advice : Do n't let your kids access Facebook if they are under 13 years old because they can be very naive , and psychos , rapists , and others like that are everywhere on the Internet .
In my opinion , social networks can be useful if you know how to use them , as long as you do n't let them control you .
I have a dream .
Whether it seems big or not , I do n't know .
But I really want to make it come true .
My dream originated with Messi . I do n't know how , but Messi is my inspiration , maybe
He gave me a dream to go abroad .
I will meet him then .
Yes .
He is also my motive .
Young people : tasting health and fitness
Nowadays , there 's a great deal of information available both on the internet and on TV about how we need to stay fit and why it 's so important to stay healthy .
Are young people , however , aware of these facts ?
I consider that most of them do n't pay enough attention to their health and fitness since they spend a lot of time drinking alcohol and smoking .
Despite going to the gym , they behave badly at the weekend when they go clubbing , for example .
On the other hand , I consider that there is a large number of young people who have fun without drugs and alcohol .
They also go to the gym , play sports , and maintain a healthy diet .
In my opinion , you need to be fit to stay healthy .
You should go on a diet and exercise .
If you do that , your body will perform better than you expect .
Our lifestyle regrettably involves going to the gym to get fit but also going out to drink alcohol .
Both are impossible .
Hey , it 's me Satyajit .
I am a student .
I am going to appear for the JEE MAIN entrance exam in Bhubaneswar , Odisha , India .
I am an SRK fan .
I love you , Simpy ...
Would you like to come ?
Wawel - Management Center of the Old Capital City
Wawel was one of the most important places in Central Europe for most of the Middle Ages .
There lived and led the bravest Polish king and leaders at a time when Poland was one of the strongest countries in the world and the strongest in Central Europe .
Recently , Wawel is the number one place in Kraków for visitors because , apart from its rich history , there are many beautiful monuments , works of art , and obviously , one can get a lot of interesting information on a guided tour .
Apart from tourism , history at Wawel is still being created—there we can visit the cemetery , where some of the most famous leaders of Poland , such as Jan III Sobieski , Józef Piłsudski , and Lech Kaczyński , who was President of Poland recently , are located .
In conclusion , Wawel is a place worth visiting if you are planning to visit southern Poland . The revitalization of Kraków is also beautiful , so everything comes together well .
People who are planning to see Wawel should n't forget about other interesting places around Wawel like Sukiennice , Smok Wawelski , and many wonderful temples—everything is no further than several hundred meters from Wawel .
Dear Jen ,
Last week , I went on an educational trip together with some students from the same class along with my class adviser .
We visited the National Museum .
It was nice to see the old relics that have been preserved for a long time , as they are still used today to help us learn what happened in the past .
After the trip , we had our lunch at a nearby fast-food restaurant .
We enjoyed discussing the trip .
It had been the day before yesterday , but Michael did not know this yet .
He just knew that he had to get to work on the novel he so desperately wanted to finish but had not managed to complete a single chapter of so far .
He placed himself in front of the oak desk , opened his silver laptop , and stared at the blank white page of the document before him .
He didn ’ t know what to write , even though he knew the story , the characters , the plot , and the twists at the end .
He knew the complexity , essence , feel , and every detail of what he wanted to write .
Suddenly , he felt his mind running in circles , spiraling into the unknown , his fingers blazing over the keyboard faster than he had ever done before . The words assembled , gathered , became sentences—structured organizations of semantic meaning—and suddenly , the chapter was finished .
He had no doubt that the inspiration came from above .
He closed the writing program and , when asked whether to save the changes , pressed " Don ’ t Save , " as he always did after not writing anything , then put on his jacket to go for a walk to celebrate .
He went out the door , turned on his heel , and looked back at his computer with a strange sensation in his stomach .
Michael closed the door and knew in that moment he had made a mistake .
Hello , my name is Rolle .
I was born in Danderyd Hospital in 2000 .
I have a brother named Trogen .
He is 13 years old .
My favorite sport is ice hockey .
I am playing SDE hockey .
I started playing ice hockey when I was 6 years old .
I think my favorite place is Tigerbalsamhallen , where I play hockey because I love it .
Three words that describe me can be happy , hockey , and friends .
I do n't have a favorite movie .
I like many movies , and the same goes for songs .
I like house music , and one of my favorite artists is Avicii .
I do n't want to miss the party because it is so funny .
Kebab is my favorite food .
My favorite restaurant is Nico 's Pizzeria because they have the best kebab .
One of my favorite memories is when I was in New York and watched the New York Rangers at Madison Square Garden .
Dear Sir ,
I am writing regarding your request about recommending some places to visit for your students .
To be honest , four hours is n't much when it comes to sightseeing in my city , and I 've been thinking about it a lot , but in the end , I think I may have come up with a perfect idea .
I don ’ t know if you ’ ve heard about our old castle .
It 's in the very center of the town , so it 's very close to the hostel where you 're staying .
We can visit it ; it 's open from eight to twelve ( I checked ) , and they have wonderful exhibitions there—paintings , sculptures , some historical pieces , and a few more modern ones as well .
The best part is that at 1 p.m. there is going to be a concert .
My friends from a school of music will be playing old instruments as an accompaniment to the slideshow of old photographs from the 19th century .
I think the best would be if we went together at ten in the morning , saw some paintings for two hours , then went for ice cream or pizza , or whatever the kids would like to have during the break , and then got back to the castle for the show .
Later , we can do whatever you 'd like to do .
If you have any questions , just write or call me on my cellphone at 123-456 .
Yours faithfully
Sebastian Duźniak
When I started to think about my favourite sport , it was quite difficult for me to decide since I 'm very keen on practicing sports .
As long as I can remember , I 've always been engaged in sports .
Nevertheless , if I had to choose one among all of them , running could be considered my favourite .
Running is one of the cheapest and easiest sports to practice anywhere and at any time .
The only thing you need to do is just spend half an hour breathing fresh air and relaxing .
A growingly debated issue is whether fox hunting should be banned .
In today 's society , it is an outdated and barbaric " sport " which , in my opinion , should be banned .
In this country , animal rights have been debated in parliament , and many measures have been implemented to safeguard animal welfare .
Recently , the British government has brought in legislation regarding how animals that are going to be slaughtered should be transported .
These measures include the time the animals spend on the road , how much room they have , and so on .
Etc .
However , it is still perfectly legal for a group of people to chase a fox with a pack of dogs and watch them pursue the fox until it is exhausted and then torn apart by the dogs .
This , apparently , is a sport .
The government has made it illegal for dogs to attack badgers while it remains legal for dogs to attack foxes .
Surely this is unfair and hypocritical on the part of the government .
It is also illegal for two dogs to fight each other for the enjoyment of spectators .
At least if one dog fights another , the fight is , in some sense , fair .
But it is still perfectly legal for an infinite number of dogs to attack a single fox for others ' enjoyment .
The fox stands no chance , so why is fox hunting legal whereas all other blood sports are banned ?
Fox hunting is , for the most part , enjoyed by the upper class .
It is expensive to partake in as you need a horse , dogs , and riding equipment ( e.g. ,
helmet , boots , etc . )
You also need land to do it on .
It is my opinion that the Conservative government will not ban fox-hunting because it will lose the support and funding from its upper-class , wealthy supporters who fox-hunt .
In a time when Britain has very few surviving wild animals , surely something should be done to protect the fox .
The British government is always among the first countries to support the protection of wild animals in other countries ( e.g. , when banning whaling ) and is very ready to criticize countries that kill wild animals ( e.g. , the destruction of habitats in the Brazilian rainforests ) .
But when it comes to ceasing the hunting and brutal killing of one of Britain 's few natural animals , they seem to turn a blind eye .
According to people who participate in fox hunting , it is an enjoyable sport .
A sport is a game in which two evenly matched teams or individuals compete for enjoyment or a prize .
Matching one footballer against a team of eleven could be grossly unfair , as the result would be a foregone conclusion .
If one boxer had to fight ten boxers , it would be unfair .
But pitting one fox against a pack of dogs in a fight to the death is still considered a sport .
Cricket is a sport ; the brutal chase and killing of a fox for the enjoyment of the upper class is not .
Famous people , such as politicians and film stars and other celebrities , are ordinary people , just as we are .
People always idolise them and think they are unusual , but they simply have extraordinary careers .
First of all , everybody deserves to have their private life without journalists , even though they live in the limelight .
They should be able to spend their time with children , families , friends , etc. , going on holidays and celebrating things .
On the other hand , I think it 's impossible for this kind of people to have private lives , because fans and society want to know everything about them , about their private lives .
They want to be in touch with their idols , to contact them , and to meet them in person .
To sum up , if we are famous people , we should bear in mind that fans will admire us and journalists will come to us , take photos of us , and print them in gossip magazines or tabloids ( all to meet the needs of the fans ) .
Stars should realize that they are the center of attention .
In addition , they should choose what is more important to them : career or private life ?
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to apply for the summer camp job .
I 'm a 20-year-old student who loves taking care of children .
For me , this would be an incredible experience to improve my skills in helping with the organization and cooking food .
I 'm a girl full of energy who always keeps a smile on my face .
I think I am a great candidate for your job . If you need any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Best wishes , Andrea
When the time arrived for Lucy to make the transition from being a teenager to an adult , all her self-assurance and determination vanished into thin air .
She had been a brilliant student in high school and intended to keep it up .
She expected to work and study at the same time .
She had big plans , but sometimes she had to slow down to achieve them .
She was going to study journalism and do a part-time job in the meantime .
And she went for it : she started her career working as a cashier in a market , but by the end of the month , reality hit her in the face .
She became exhausted and her performance at university suffered .
She needed to stop working or studying because her health was at risk ; she fell asleep in class and at work , her diet was poor , and her temper was terrible .
She could only understand how disastrous her life was when she reached her limit .
Even though nobody pushed her , she was taking on too many responsibilities that she was n't able to handle .
" Why are you running when you 're only just learning to walk ? "
One of her friends once told her .
" I want to secure my future , and I do n't want to waste time , " she retorted , but was she happy ?
Since then , she started asking herself many questions , and doubt became her faithful companion .
During the week of exams , she suffered her first panic attack .
That was the sign that it was definitely time for a change .
A friend of hers took her to a therapist , and after a few sessions , she began to catch a glimpse of what it was all about .
" Success is not final , failure is not fatal : it is the courage to continue that counts . "
Her therapist said
The clue was there finally .
She would have to work on that her whole life , though .
Her biggest challenge was learning to accept her limits , but she would soon understand that life is about growing every day , so she had to enjoy the journey and give her best over and over again .
Hello there , my good folks at Dishan .
My name is Sigfried Jensen , and I would like to apply for the position of musician at your esteemed company .
I have no formal education to document my composing abilities , so I 'll let my compositions speak for themselves .
I can compose music of both standard and looping nature , which can be in any style you require . Additionally , I can edit and polish given audio samples to make them usable in various new scenarios .
In case your demand for music is n't high , I also possess secondary abilities in marketing , market communications , and general electronics expertise .
Moreover , I can also provide minor visual designs if need be .
My previous work experience is somewhat limited , all contained within a couple of years as a musician for a small media company called Dischan , as well as a short period as a TV and general electronics repair technician for various companies , including B & O .
How important is it for you to read books in English ?
In my opinion , it is important because it improves my vocabulary and helps me express ideas easily .
Do you have reading habits to learn English ?
I don ’ t have a reading habit to learn English ; in my opinion , it ’ s a custom I should have learned when I was a child because I would have grown up with reading as a hobby rather than as a duty .
Is it difficult for you to create the habit of reading to learn English ?
I think it is difficult for me to create reading habits because I do n't like it , but I think it is possible if I practice it .
Most infant educators , psychologists , and education professionals think that using storytelling in early childhood education is good for children 's development .
But is it really that good ?
Are there any disadvantages to storytelling ?
Storytelling is a good way to work on values and emotions , as children are too young to express them by themselves .
They see themselves in the main character , and through his experiences , they can learn how to act in such situations .
For instance , if the story is about fear—an emotion that makes them feel insecure—and ends well , they will have different methods to overcome their fear and feel more secure and self-confident .
Furthermore , they can take part in and build up their own stories .
Their vocabulary will increase at the same time as they work on their social skills .
In addition , they can see that every action has consequences for which they must be responsible .
However , there are some points that need to be considered .
The sentence is already correct .
One of the reasons storytelling may not work is that some teachers expect more than their pupils can do .
Moreover , if the story is too long or dull , they will lose concentration easily and cause their classmates to lose it too .
To sum up , we must take advantage of storytelling to consolidate concepts , values , and emotions and to let imagination run free .
I live in one of the biggest cities in the country .
People in our city generally face transportation problems .
Instead of long-term solutions , local authorities are focusing on short-term solutions .
The quality of public transportation vehicles can be improved .
New forms of public transportation must be supported by the government .
People should be convinced to use public transport .
The human brain is the most powerful computer known to man , yet it is small and light .
The brain is the control center of the body ; it can instruct the body to move freely within its surroundings and interact with other humans and objects .
The brain can make decisions and communicate .
The only function of the brain that computers can rival is memory .
Some of the human brain 's functions have been taken over by computers , like accountancy with the invention of electronic calculators .
In fact , the whole subject of mathematics has become easier with the invention of the electronic calculator .
But the subject has n't changed ; electronics have only solved a few mathematical puzzles .
Most of the theories used today were hypothesized and proven before the invention of the calculator .
Computers , however , have almost unimaginable accuracy .
Most high-precision engineering projects undertaken today use computers and laser technology to make parts accurate to thousandths of a millimeter .
The computer is very widely used in the modern world , but in almost every case it is only an aid to the brain .
The sentence is already correct . Here it is unchanged : The human still has to tell the computer what to do .
The human is still in control .
The human brain is in no way made redundant by the invention of the computer , and I think it will be a long time before the technology is discovered to create an electronic machine that can compete with the brain to achieve one of its functions , never mind all of which the human brain is capable .
Hello , Tara .
You are starting an amazing project in your life .
I know it 's really difficult to start , but then it gets easier .
You can start by asking your teacher and your classmates if they want to be part of that .
They will probably say yes .
You can decide together what to do .
At my school , I did that and it had a result .
We started by creating rules to respect the environment ... I do n't want to tell you more ideas because it 's important to be original .
Good luck
João
If the rate of car ownership continues to increase at such a rapid pace , the roads will become completely congested .
This is the main problem facing the UK 's transport system .
The sentence is already correct . The reasons for this are many and varied .
People today want more freedom and have more disposable income , both factors that will lead to an increase in car ownership .
Many people also feel unsafe walking or using public transport to get to places , and mothers who would have walked to school when they were young insist on ferrying their children to school by car , as they believe , correctly or not , that there are too many child abductors around for it to be safe for children on the streets .
These views are supported by cases like the James Bulger case and the Fred and Rose West case , which received very high publicity and increased public awareness among people today .
People also use cars because they are more convenient than public transport , as they allow travel whenever desired and provide " door-to-door " service instead of requiring walks to bus stops and stations .
The enormous levels of vehicles on the roads have meant that using a bicycle to travel has become unacceptable to many people , due to the danger and also the levels of pollution from cars on the streets .
Rail travel has seen decreased popularity in recent years due to the immense popularity of cars .
Some people may avoid using trains because of their seemingly unreliable service .
Trains also fail to offer the freedom of choice available with cars , as passengers are tied to the timetables and locations of railway stations .
I think that the government should help Britain 's transport by aiming to decrease the amount of car usage and increase the use of buses , trains , and other forms of public transport .
The government should do this by investing more money in public transport than in road improvements , such as the widening of motorways .
This increased investment would lead to more attractive public transport , with more services on the timetable , lower fares , and fewer delays .
These factors may make people switch from using their car to travel to work or school and use buses or trains instead .
This would lead to less congested roads , which could then be used efficiently by people with no other option , and a less polluted environment for all of us to live in .
This is because public transport is less polluting than personal car usage .
Scientists believe that eating beef products may not be safe .
Several years ago , the disease BSE , or " mad cow disease , " became quite common among cattle .
The disease causes a mental deficiency , where the cow can not think for itself and slowly dies .
This BSE has been known to cross the animal barriers ; several sheep have had a similar disease after eating feed made from the reminants of dead , meatstripped cows .
Now , scientists fear that it has crossed the boundary between cows and humans , as cases of Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease ( CJD ) are appearing more frequently .
There is , as of yet , no cure for this disease , and the only way humans can contract it is by eating beef products .
This has clearly put a lot of people off beef , as the press also covered the government 's inefficient quality control , and the fact that this has been going on for years is worrying .
The disease can take up to 15 to 20 years to become evident in humans , so even if people gave up beef today , they would still have a chance of getting CJD .
However , giving up the products now would reduce the chances of being crippled by this disease in the future .
If a lot of people give up beef products , this will have effects on the agricultural industry .
Cattle farmers will be particularly hard hit if no one wants to buy their meat .
It will also affect other animals being sold for meat ; more people will want to buy meat from sheep and pigs and so on , so they can still eat the same amount of meat .
The whole episode may drive the price of beef down so people will buy it and take the risk ( which must be tiny ) rather than fork out for more expensive meat products .
If no one wants to eat beef , then cows will only be bred for their milk , which means there will possibly be fewer cows in the future .
If cows are no longer required by the public for food , some abattoir workers may lose their jobs , and several butchers , for whom the money from beef products is a considerable percentage of their income , may be hit hard by this .
The politicians still say it is safe and that they will continue to eat beef .
However , many of these people are old , and by the time the disease has developed in them , it won ’ t really be a premature death .
However , for us young people , the risk is too great .
I have n't stopped eating it .
I am a native Italian speaker and a final-year student in Linguistic Mediation at the University of Rome .
English , French , and German are the languages I am most confident with , but I also speak a little Russian and Finnish .
My degree course is primarily focused on foreign languages and cultures , anthropology , and linguistics .
Presently , I am an Italian teacher for foreigners , but I 've also translated philosophy texts and curricula vitae from Italian into English and vice versa .
No future for public transport in my country—yes , it is a fact . It is overcrowded everywhere , besides the pollution with its huge numbers all over the city . And do not forget the rising prices for petroleum products . Nowadays , travelling by car is more convenient , safer , and cheaper .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to you regarding the job vacancy entitled " USA Summer Camps " advertised on the website Monster .
After reading the requirements carefully , I believe that I have the suitable skills to apply for this position .
I have ten years of experience working with children as a coach at a tennis club .
I love this profession and would like to continue developing my career within this project .
I consider myself a very enthusiastic , motivated , and helpful person , and I would love to be part of your company as an instructor for this summer camp .
Currently , I am studying the MA in Children 's Care due to my interest in developing my professional career in this field .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours sincerely
Domenica Casarado
I wake up at 4:00 a.m. every day and start to work at 5:30 a.m .
Because I finish work at 3:30 pm , I need to go to school after work and finish at 8:45 pm . After getting back home , I just take a shower , have a small talk with my boyfriend , and then go to bed at 11:00 pm .
Sometimes we watch films together if I have a day off .
On the weekend , we play basketball with friends once a month .
Sometimes , we go bowling if all our friends are free at night .
" Seven " can be categorized as a chase and police film based on the several crimes that occur during the movie ; people consider it a moving and gripping film .
The main characters were played by Morgan Freeman and Brad Pitt , and one of the most highly regarded facts was that the film grossed more than 330 million euros in 1995 when it premiered .
It is directed by David Fincher , who also was in charge of * The Curious Case of Benjamin Button * , and it is a Paramount production .
The film narrates a series of murders related to the seven deadly sins ( lust , pride , wrath , sloth , greed , gluttony ) committed by a psychopath who left a mark on each victim to indicate the sin for which they had been killed .
This led to the research of two policemen who tried to fit all the pieces of the crime together perfectly , but it was going to be more difficult than they expected .
I personally think this film is fast-moving and spine-chilling . I found it astonishing ; I fully appreciate that there is no happy ending and there are unpleasant scenes due to some murder scenes .
If you like mystery films , I strongly recommend it .
The sentence is already correct . I sincerely hope this review convinces the reader to watch the film .
Dear Joe ,
Thanks for your letter .
I 'm very glad you thought about visiting my country .
I 'm sure you 'll like it .
I can give you some tips for traveling , depending on what you like to do .
If you like museums , galleries , and architecture , I would recommend visiting our beautiful cities , such as Wrocław , Kraków , Poznań , Gdańsk , and , of course , our capital , Warsaw .
On the other hand , if you prefer nature and physical activity , you might consider visiting our mountains—the Sudetes or the Carpathians—or the Mazury region , which is full of lakes .
You may combine it as well .
For example , you may go by plane to Warsaw , visit the city , then take a trip to the north , including our sea—which , unfortunately , isn ’ t the warmest or the prettiest sea in the world .
Honestly , you can skip it without hesitation .
But our lakes are really worth a visit .
There are many possibilities there to spend your free time .
You can go horse riding , swimming , kite surfing , fishing , etc .
Next , we could meet in Wrocław .
I would show you the city that I like very much .
Then I would take you to the mountains .
You might finish your trip in Kraków and then look for a job there or in Warsaw .
Our two biggest cities have many students and many job offers available .
As you speak very little Polish , it will also be the easiest way to find appropriate work for you , such as at an English-speaking company .
I believe Poland is a great place for you .
The landscape is beautiful , and the people are very friendly .
Let me know if you need any further help .
Looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Best regards ,
Ewa
The 20th Century invention that has had one of the most radical effects on people 's lives is the television .
During the 1950s , America witnessed the beginnings of a cultural revolution .
The era of Populuxe instigated a " must-have " ideology in the nation , and the most important " must-have " was , of course , the television .
The presence of television has brought about several crucial trends in our culture : the mass culturalization of various groups , the commercialization of our lifestyles , and the rapidity and breadth of the information that reaches us .
Gathered around the TV , the American family learned the " ideal " way of life .
The sentence is already correct . But the picture of perfection was the same in every home .
We all received the same information .
We all saw the same families , the Cleavers and the Andersons , etc. , telling us how we should behave .
Mother was always beautiful , Father knew best , and children had cute , silly , harmless problems .
As a result of this omniscient perspective , a farmer in Iowa had an idea of what a family in New York was like .
People in New York watched * Green Acres * .
Today , the same trend continues .
For white people , ghetto life is slightly less of a mystery .
The examples on television are blown up and exaggerated , but people get a general idea of different lifestyles .
Rather than several small , isolated cultures , the United States is moving toward a mass culture .
And the presence of another 's reality in our homes is a major reason .
Another effect of television on people 's lives is the commercialization of our lives .
Advertisements , which originally served only to inform people about their purchasing options , have developed into an art form .
15-second blocks of our time are sold for millions of dollars , and as a result , the American population is made to laugh or cry—and often to buy a product .
Finally , and perhaps most importantly , with the advent of television , American citizens have experienced a great increase in the amount of information they receive , as well as in the time it takes for it to reach them .
A hundred years ago , different sections of the country ( and the world ) were isolated and separated by the time it took to mail a letter and print a newspaper story .
Today , we know within seconds—or , in the case of the Space Shuttle * Challenger * explosion , we know live—immediately .
This abundance of information has led to a drastic alteration in people 's ability to react to major events .
Our view of the world is different—it 's closer , it 's in our living rooms .
A good example of this is the reaction to the Vietnam War .
The war was , indeed , unpopular with or without television .
But the reality of what we saw—the casualty counts , the bloodied children under the American flag—did much to reinforce the negative aspects of war .
Overall , the television has caused a radical change in our lives .
We are susceptible to manipulation as well as stimulation .
The television is a powerful and dangerous tool .
It can greatly enhance and improve our lives , but it is most important to be aware that it is a manipulator .
We should be mindful of what we watch .
I do n't agree with the statement that there is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is much more convenient .
When you decide to travel by car , it 's certain that you feel independent—you can stop whenever you need , set off when you 're ready—and that is why traveling by car is said to be convenient .
However , there are sometimes more important things than feeling comfortable when travelling , like money . Travelling by car is expensive , as the price of petrol is still increasing because of limited natural resources .
Although there are some places in the world where car users can not complain about the price of petrol , there are also many more areas where people switch from driving cars to commuting or riding a bike because they ca n't afford to own a car .
Nowadays , we are much more aware of the environment .
Thus , we know that using cars is harmful to the environment . We are advised to take public transportation instead of traveling alone , as it results in fewer exhaust fumes per passenger .
What is more , in multiple countries there is a festival of public transport , when people celebrate free travel by public transport and are asked to leave their private cars in the garage .
To sum up , in my opinion , public transport will remain as long as scientists do not discover new natural sources of petrol or invent a cheap equivalent to power cars .
We do not care about the broader environment in China ; we only care about the environment in or around our own house .
We throw all kinds of household waste into the same bin , and the cleaner will collect it .
Sometimes there will be an odor remaining , as the basket is indoors .
We do not care about the air , even though air pollution is very serious in some parts of China .
We only choose the way that is convenient but may have a negative effect on our living environment .
Dear Jo ,
Spain has many beautiful places you ought to visit .
I think you should start off in Madrid , so we can meet ; I 'll show you around .
We 'll visit all the tourist spots , and you 'll get to try lots of delicious food .
Then you should visit Barcelona . It 's a truly beautiful city with many must-see places like the Sagrada Familia . Also , you 'll be able to go to the beach to relax .
From then on , I think you could follow the coast and visit cities such as Valencia , Cartagena , or Málaga during the summer and leave the inland cities for autumn .
As for working here , well , it 's not going to be easy . We 're having difficulties regarding that , but I guess you could find a part-time job at a restaurant or something . I could help you with sending your CV and all that .
And if everything fails , we can always ask my aunt . She owns a small shop in the city centre and would be more than happy to have someone help her out .
See you soon .
Sam
Hi Jo ,
In my country , there are plenty of opportunities to work and have fun .
Italy is an enormous country full of culture and opportunities .
For example , I live in Jesolo , near Venice , and here there are business companies , other hotels , and other firms . If you want , you can also work as a tour guide .
From my point of view , I think that the best thing is to start , for example , from the south of Italy and visit all the amazing cities in this country : Florence , Milan , Genoa , Rome , Venice .
There are also a lot of courses and other activities to do .
You have many opportunities with universities as well .
Venice and Padua are the most important cities for learning .
It 's a great idea .
I hope to see you soon and be useful in your decision .
As you may have already noticed , Warsaw is a beautiful and big city .
It was really hard to choose one place that you just must visit .
Obviously , it largely depends on your interests .
If you want to explore Warsaw 's historical side , I recommend visiting the Old Town and
The Royal Castle .
It would be helpful for you if you asked for a guide .
Honestly , I think it 's very educational but a little boring .
I am sure that , as young students , you will appreciate something less educational but more interesting .
Your must-visit place is the National Stadium .
I 've been there many times , and trust me—there 's a lot to see .
It was built specifically for EURO 2012 .
We were the host country , so we had to make as much effort as we could .
The first thing that attracts our attention is interesting architecture .
It looks like a red-and-white—it refers to Poland 's flag—basket .
The stadium is also equipped with a heated pitch , a training pitch , façade lighting , and underground parking .
There is even a railway station , situated opposite , which was built in the same style as the stadium .
When you get there , you will not be disappointed .
There are trips with a guide where you will hear the story of the Stadium , which , in my opinion , is very interesting .
You will also visit the changing rooms where football players prepare for the match .
It is a multipurpose venue that can host not only sporting events but also concerts , cultural events , and conferences .
I highly recommend visiting this place .
It would be an unforgettable and fascinating trip .
It would also be a great boon for all football lovers .
You wo n't regret that , I promise .
Life changes could be possible in the coming years because a new way of life is currently emerging due to technological advantages .
When I look back , I realize teenagers are different ; they are looking for different things in their lives .
For example , when I was young , all students used to study for several years to become experts and get good jobs .
Nowadays teenagers study for only a few years because they want to get a job quickly .
Everything around me is changing quickly—education , way of life , way of thinking , technology—so I think all of this will bring change to life in the future .
In fact , I am looking forward to seeing this change , and I hope it will be as good as I expect . Above all , I hope a major change in the health service will be made .
With economic development , a growing number of much-needed buildings are taking the place of areas of farmland , forest , and wetland .
As far as I am concerned , this phenomenon does more harm to citizens as well as animals than good .
First , large-scale buildings bring various kinds of pollution .
The process of building produces a large amount of material waste as well as noise , which disturbs the lives of residents nearby .
At the same time , the glass covering the surface of the skyscraper reflects dazzling light .
Besides , the destruction of the habitat hastens the extinction of wildlife and reduces the diversity of species .
Without more trees and plants to freshen the air , the air pollution will become more serious .
What 's more , building much more housing than needed is a waste of society 's resources .
To solve those problems , strategies should be taken by the government .
First , measures should be taken to protect farmland , forests , and wetlands .
Each city should be required to have the minimum necessary afforested area .
What 's more , the government should encourage investment in environment-friendly projects instead of housing construction .
The last thing is that
Gifts
In regard to a recent radio discussion about the positive and negative aspects of receiving presents such as luxuries , homemade items , or different live experiences , the decision is open to debate .
On the one hand , I strongly believe that people should receive presents at any time , whether it is for Christmas , birthdays , or just because you want to show someone how much you care for them .
Live experiences are known for being the best type of gift nowadays , as people have finally understood the importance of memories in our lives , instead of just collecting luxuries , clothes , or photographs .
Moreover , from my point of view , apart from having the amazing opportunity to receive this type of gift , you are also able to share it with the people you love most .
In addition , I don ’ t actually see any disadvantage to this type of gift .
On the other hand , homemade items are also extremely agreeable to receive .
Not only are they made with true love , but they are also generally made with recycled products , such as glass , plastic , and even wood .
The main advantage is , as mentioned before , that the item was probably made with passion .
However , the person receiving the gift may not like it at all .
That is the main disadvantage .
These ideas had led me to my conclusion : the best presents to receive are experiences , as you will always remember them , sharing them with your family and acquaintances .
My teaching philosophy changed considerably when I finished this course , which was based on theories in second language acquisition .
Until now , my beliefs about teaching English have focused on the following opinions : ( i ) children should become familiar with English as early as possible ; ( ii ) the teacher should motivate students so that they can achieve their target goals in language learning ; ( iii ) the teacher must be a good monitor in class ; ( iv ) the teacher must interact well with students .
My beliefs help me feel more confident about becoming an English teacher in the future .
First of all , parents should let their children learn English at an early age .
My first misunderstanding is that adults acquire a second language better than children .
By reading about child language acquisition in SLA , I know that the period during which people can acquire a second language most effectively is in childhood ( McLaughlin , 1978a , as cited in Gass & Selinker , 2008 , p. 123 ) .
Moreover , children between the ages of 5 and 9 , called the critical period , can acquire a second language naturally without needing any special teaching methods .
Children have better phonology than adults , and they display morphological sensitivity that adults can not .
However , older learners can be successful in second language ( L2 ) syntax .
Patkowski ( 1980 ) found that learners who learned an L2 after the age of puberty received lower proficiency scores than learners who started learning an L2 before puberty .
Therefore , in the future , I will encourage everyone to let their children become acquainted with English as early as possible to help them develop a native-like accent .
If I have a chance to teach children , I will create an active atmosphere with various activities that focus on communication skills and give students opportunities to engage with authentic input such as cartoons , music , etc .
Secondly , the teacher should inspire students ' motivation and raise students ' awareness in learning so that they can achieve their target goals in language learning . When I was in grade ten , I did not have the willingness or motivation to learn English because of my parents ' insistence .
Consequently , my results did not meet the goal as my parents had expected .
Until I met a tutor hired by my parents , I had struggled to pass exams in class with high marks , but now I have the motivation to learn better .
I want to become an English teacher .
Motivation is the second most important factor in SLA that enables students to achieve success in learning an L2 ( Skehan , 1989 , as cited in Gass & Selinker , 2008 , p. 426 ) .
Students can use all their time to do what interests them , and they will never get bored .
The more motivated students are in language learning , the more successful they will be .
It is really a long-term project through which students can improve their proficiency in a second language .
They need to observe a number of comprehensible inputs and do many tasks to achieve their goal .
As a teacher , I will make efforts to increase the students ' frequency of motivation because of its changes over time ( Dörnyei and Ottó , 1998 ; and detailed in Dörnyei , 2000 , 2001a , as cited in Gass and Selinker , 2008 , p. 428 ) .
Thirdly , the good teacher is the one who can well-organize all the activities in class .
For instance , when I teach grammar , I have to decide how many structures I can teach in a lesson are enough , and with some difficult grammar rules , I need to break them down to teach step by step .
Learners need time to memorize the new rule and acquire it in their learning system .
After teaching the rule , I will ask my students to work in pairs and communicate using the new structure based on my cue cards .
When they are working , I can hear their conversation and know not only what they say but also how they say it , so I can tell whether they have acquired the rules or are just using their learned knowledge .
Finally , interaction is also an interesting concept .
Gass ( 2003 ) found that " language learning is stimulated by communication pressure and the relationship between communication and acquisition mechanisms . "
Therefore , I will teach my students in English only . I will give them more chances to communicate with one another through the tasks I assign in class . Then , I will move around the classroom and correct their mistakes through negotiation , recasts , or feedback .
When observing their dialogue , if they make mistakes , I will take note of them and after they finish their practice , I will correct them .
I advise interrupting their speech because it is unrespected them .
In addition , if I always correct mistakes , my students will lose their confidence and they will not want to practice anymore .
This is my approach to foreign language teaching .
These beliefs of mine help me examine what I am going to do in the future when I become an English teacher .
This course widened my knowledge a lot through the theories in the SLA book .
I think that students in the school of foreign language education must take this course to develop a better philosophy of teaching .
The aim of this report is to describe how my town takes care of the environment and what people do regarding the issue .
Firstly , I am going to talk about what my town does .
The town is generally clean , thanks to the cleaning services .
Every night , the roads are cleaned and the rubbish is frequently collected during the day .
Even if the cleaning service is very efficient , people do n't usually take care of the environment .
They throw their wrappers on the ground .
In other words , citizens are n't completely worried about the place where they live .
The town has implemented a program to solve this problem by offering prizes to those who take action against this bad behavior .
As a result of this new policy , the town is now more attractive and cleaner than it was in the past .
The sentence is already correct . Residents have changed their bad habits , and the image of the town has improved .
In conclusion , thanks to the new way of living , tourists are more attracted to and curious about visiting it , and the town has reduced its cleaning costs .
The money saved is used to build new green areas across the town .
European nations have over time been linked together both in war and in peace .
These countries have since been moving closer together along more institutional lines .
One such demonstration of this has been the formation of the European Community , made up of the European Coal and Steel Community , the European Atomic Energy Community , and the European Economic Community .
In 1987 , the European Community adopted the Single European Act , in which the member countries committed themselves to the realization of a single internal European market by 1992 .
This act has raised questions in Britain about whether it will result in a loss of sovereignty for Britain .
The lifting of trade barriers between member states will enable the free movement of trade .
This economic union will not truly create a loss of sovereignty for Britain , as it will merely facilitate the exchange of goods across Europe .
However , the fear is that the act will lead to decisions being imposed on Britain , since an important element of it is the commitment to majority rule rather than the previously common practice of consensus decision-making in the Council of Ministers .
This would restrict the ability of individual nations to veto key decisions .
British sovereignty could be in danger if this union led to a European government imposing its authority over Britain .
A centralised European government would inhibit Britain 's decision-making ability .
The recent incident of the European Parliament imposing its ideals on Britain points out the authoritative principles it may be forced to accept if such a strong central body were created .
It was believed that Britain ought to halt construction on the Channel Tunnel link due to environmental concerns ; however , this action seemed to be an imposition on Britain 's sovereignty , as an external body was trying to tell the country what to do .
If the European Community were to bring in a single currency , Britain might be deprived of its sovereignty since it would lose its individuality , but more importantly , it would forget its bargaining position on the foreign exchange .
Currency decisions would be made by a central body that Britain would have to accept .
If a united Europe were to lead to British troops fighting on behalf of Europe instead of their own nation , most sovereignty would be lost .
It would mean a supranational force fighting as a whole , with no real differences between them—it would not be a case of " one force , one nation . "
However , the state would still exist as an island , and people would always feel that they were British due to their roots and history .
Even if linked physically to Europe via the Channel Tunnel , Britain would still see itself as a separate country .
I believe Britain will not lose its sovereignty if the union is based on free trade between nations at an economic level .
However , if a strong European government were created that made important decisions for Britain , such as currency settlements and the conduct of its foreign policy , this would mean that Britain would no longer be an independent state with the power to make its own decisions and would thus lose its sovereignty .
The picture shows the process of making notes .
First , designing it is the most important process—escaping from copying—then it can be printed . When this is finished .
Make sure the quality sheets are checked ; if they are bad , they will be destroyed ; if they are good quality , they will be packaged and distributed .
The sheet concludes about cutting into separate bank notes , packing , and dispatching .
All these are the basic processes . What we use is based on them .
Banks should make efforts to maintain security for their users . Through these processes , we learn about banknotes , which are essential to our daily lives . We use them to buy whatever we
This graph shows the amount of petrol used in the United States and the United Kingdom .
As is known , these countries are some of the most powerful regions in the world .
First , the line for the United States shows that the poorest socioeconomic class spends the highest percentage of their income .
Secondly , the amount of money spent on cars is decreased by the wealthiest drivers .
However , this patron is not the same as the one at the other place .
In the first place , we can consider the percentage of capital spent on gas , which is contributed by wealthy people living in the United Kingdom .
Second , the lowest incomes are reported among British citizens from a poor socioeconomic background .
Once and for all , either the United States of America or the United Kingdom has a similar patron .
According to the richest drivers , both lanes are linked at the same point .
Dear Summer Camp Organizer ,
Hi !
This is Mimi .
I am an outgoing girl who enjoys getting along with people very much .
A few years ago , I was an elementary school teacher . I quit such a nice job to pursue my dream of becoming a nurse , but that would have been an obstacle slowing me down in getting along with those cute little angels .
Thus , I have a profound belief in myself to do this job well .
By the way , I once attended a summer camp during college .
A role that was the same as this job , such as preparing meals and snacks , organizing games and giving them surprises , and taking good care of them , among other tasks .
Though it may seem that having to do so much will be extremely exhausting for me , both my experience and instinct tell me it would be a great time with a beautiful memory left in my life .
Neither hardship nor frustration could change my decision ; only by trying difficult things could a person improve and find their way in life .
Above all , thank you for giving me the opportunity to prove myself .
If I could be your partner , it would be my greatest pleasure .
Hope you all enjoy a nice day .
Your friend Mimi
Dear Lionel Messi ,
I 'm writing to persuade you with some information you probably do n't know about .
I would like to say that you should give more money to charity and I think you should be paid much less than you are now .
Firstly , I would like to say that you should be paid much less than you are now .
Because you get paid about £330,000 per week .
Can you think about doctors and nurses ? They save lives almost every day , while you 're not doing anything but playing football and having some fun with your friends .
Therefore , you should be paid about £250 per game .
I think that 's a huge amount of money anyway .
In other words , I think you should give more money to charity because they need your help .
So I would say that in the 1960s , the wage limit was about £4-£7 per week .
It took about 20 years for that wage limit to double to £8–£14 per week in the 1980s .
When I was a child , I was addicted to reading children 's stories .
In my teens , I used to read a lot of teen novels—so much so that my mother would reproach me for sitting too long reading instead of doing my schoolwork .
Luckily , I managed to do both , and I remember studying hard in order to get a real chance to read whatever I wanted with my mother 's consent .
Today , I realize how reading these stories got me interested in writing .
I 've always wondered how you start to recognize yourself as a writer and how you become an effective one .
Of course , a good writer must first be a good reader .
This is what inspired my ambition to write .
Reading stories , poems , and novels inspired me to write my own .
Reading what my fellow writers here said about their experiences as writers—what pushed them to write , what made them go on , and how it made them feel—gave answers to my questions .
More than that , I gained insights into my own motives and goals as a writer .
I liked Shirley Carreira 's close relationship with her father and his library .
I enjoy being close with my books .
I love the feel and smell of them , and I always prefer them over electronic versions .
They make you feel as if you 're in touch with the magic they offer .
Books draw you in as if by spell .
Michael is a very popular guy who is very intelligent and enjoys learning about the history of ghosts and strange things .
One day his friend told him to go to a cabin because strange things were happening there ; he accepted immediately .
On Saturday they were walking around the street looking for the cabin and they met a very old cabin .
They saw a horrible ghost , and he asked them two questions about his life , but the guys said nothing . The ghost was furious . " Okay , " he said , " the second question : How many years have I had ? "
Michael was nervous because he did not know anything about it .
The ghost said : Michael asked me who I wanted to save , my family or my friend , because I could only save one—the other would die .
Michael , after ten seconds , said this : " I save my family . " Michael said , " I am sorry , friend , " and he ran far away when Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Although Louise felt nervous , she realised this was the opportunity of a lifetime .
She had been dreaming of that objective for many years .
If I make a decision , there will be no going back . I have to think it over .
She was talking to herself .
She might let her parents down .
Their expectation was to send her to one of the most prestigious medical universities .
Alas , she was not sure if they cared for her opinion .
Because she was a humanist , science was not the field she was keen on .
Louise had been given the chance to go abroad .
She did n't mind working long hours at entertaining places or earning little money .
Her spirit was crying over leaving her country for the United States .
She could n't tell whether it was a judicious feeling .
Generally , Louise was said to be an indecisive person , which could be noticed especially in such cases .
The advantages outweighed the drawbacks .
Her parents did not seem over the moon .
The girl convinced them and made them realise that the world would n't have " ended " if she had chosen her own way .
everyone is afraid of something , but many people are more afraid of catastrophic events than of things like cancer .
Even though people are scared of these things , they continue to smoke and drink alcohol .
Some of our fears are instinctive , so we automatically respond to danger before we have even had time to think about it .
Our fear makes us act instinctively ; we react so quickly and save ourselves .
This type of fear is a necessary and life-saving response .
There are different kinds of fear , for example , phobias .
We experience phobias in situations that are not dangerous to our safety .
Many people have phobias , but they don ’ t threaten their lives every day .
Scientists say that phobias arise from negative experiences or traumas , are difficult to control , but could be prevented with the right therapy .
We know what fear is thanks to experience and culture .
We are born with small and basic fears , but we know that things like terrorism are dangerous . Stories on TV , the internet , and in newspapers increase the perception of extraordinary risks and often influence our fears , leading us to worry about things that never happen to us .
To better enjoy our lives without being oppressed by our fears , we must be objective when watching programs on TV and pay more attention to what happens around us .
INTERNATIONAL SPORTS MONTHLY : Swimming
When I was younger , I used to swim , and it is now my favourite sport .
When I swim , I like the sensation of flowing through the water .
My advice would be to enjoy the water !
Enjoy your swimming time !
When you start swimming , you learn a lot of new techniques ; it 's like discovering a new world . I do n't swim to participate in a competition but to have fun .
The continual development of computer technology has given rise to a great deal of controversy in modern times .
Nowadays , computers are widely used in all parts of society .
One area that has drawn particular criticism is the computer games industry .
Since the early 1980s , when computers such as the Spectrum 48K and the Commodore 64 were introduced into the homes of millions of people , controversy has followed about their effect on children .
The sentence is already correct .
The development of more sophisticated and technologically advanced computers , such as the Amiga and the PC , has served to deepen the " problem " .
The growing realism of the games strongly appeals to children .
However , parents feel that children should broaden their minds by reading books and that the computer games industry encourages children not to learn .
Computers have also been blamed for a fall in education standards among primary school children ; a belief accentuated by the results of surveys which state that the vast majority of primary school children are unable to do simple arithmetic in their heads and rely on another computer , the calculator , to help them .
Another moral dilemma that computers have created is the role they play in the workplace .
There are many people who fear that computers will eventually replace humans in the workplace .
The role of computers is already significant in employment areas , such as accountancy , which requires a specialist ability to calculate and manipulate numbers .
These changes have replaced human jobs and sparked fears that unemployment could increase significantly as a result .
As computers are more efficient than humans , do not require payment for their work , are less temperamental than humans , and will never take a day off because they are ill , it seems mankind is faced with a great problem .
Another claim that suggests the human brain could become useless is that computers promote anti-social behaviour .
The creation of the World Wide Web and the Internet has created concern that the human race will become unsociable .
The Internet allows you to correspond with people all over the world , and it also contains many other functions that supposedly make life easier for us .
The sentence is already correct . The Internet also has another fundamental problem according to many .
The belief exists that the computer age and its developments , such as the internet , will remove challenges from life .
The human brain constantly needs to be challenged to maintain itself ; but with the introduction of the Internet , one could conduct their life without ever needing to leave the house , which many believe would threaten society .
However , currently , the existence of computers is highly dependent on the existence of humans .
No matter how much artificial intelligence a computer may demonstrate , it still has to rely on the human brain to program it and put it into operation .
Although there are plans to create computers that can program themselves ( which I personally feel is a very dangerous idea ) , the human brain still very much controls the computer and still has the ability to end the existence of computers at any given moment—a power computers do not have over humans .
Since I have been studying in Australia , I 've realized , compared with China , there is a significant difference in English study .
In the past , Chinese teachers often used cramming methods and focused on grammar and vocabulary .
However , in comparison , the English for Academic Purposes ( EAP ) class encouraged independent learning and provided me with more opportunities to interact and converse with classmates .
After studying the EAP , I found that time management is my weakness .
Therefore , I will discuss study strategies in more detail by reading related resources .
Time management is a crucial factor for productive learning .
Firstly , as described by the Academic Skills Unit ( 2012 ) , time management can be achieved by creating a " daily planner " ( p. 23 ) .
I downloaded a daily planner and filled it with my study plans .
Doing this helps me complete my daily tasks more efficiently .
Secondly , the research by Mark ( 2006 , p. 25 ) also states that scattered time in a day should be utilized and made more productive .
For instance , I looked for chances to talk to native speakers while waiting for the train or actively participated in conversations during my breaks .
I have learned that small bits of time added together can be used very productively .
In conclusion , by researching and comparing study strategies , I discovered that time management is crucial to achieving productive learning .
However , to become better learners , it is also important for students to stay focused and motivated .
In my future studies , apart from spending my time more productively , I will also set manageable short-term goals and review my plans regularly based on my study targets .
Hello , my name is Xiawu Kam . I am nine years old this year . Today , I am going to write about my favorite sport . My favorite sport is basketball because playing basketball can help me keep fit and is fun !
I started playing basketball in grade one , and now I 'm in grade four . That means I 've been learning for three years ! My dad likes to play basketball too !
You know , I really enjoy this sport because it 's very exciting !
If someone asks me which sport is the best , I will say to them that basketball is the best !
I really like basketball , and the teacher told me I 'm really good at it , so I always play basketball when I have free time .
I am on my school 's basketball team for the younger ones .
I hope that this year I can make the varsity basketball team !
I hope you can play sports like I can , because it 's really healthy for everyone .
Thank you !
Thanks again for reading my article . Goodbye !
Hi Mary ,
How 's your life ? Mine has changed a lot since the last time we kept in touch .
As I told you , new people have come to the office .
We have established a wonderful relationship , especially with one of them .
He is very outgoing and very friendly .
He has a fantastic sense of humor and always makes me laugh , so I can forget the bad moments .
He is very polite , generous , and honest .
At work , he is a creative person . As you know , this is very important in our job . He always has an idea when the rest ca n't think of anything .
However , he can be a bit immature at times .
He is very keen on sports ; his favourite sport is basketball , as is mine .
It 's a pleasure to be with him and I really enjoy his company .
I think we have a lot in common ; we share many of the same likes and dislikes .
He is a talkative person , not me , as you know I 'm a bit shy .
But I don ’ t think it ’ ll be a problem .
I must let you know , it 's time to work .
Love
Krashen 's theory is one of the most well-known and influential acquisition theories from the seventies .
Krashen presented this theory over several years in his works .
It was clustered in his major work , * The Input Hypothesis : Issues and Implications * ( 1985 ) , and can be summarized in the following hypothesis :
• The Acquisition-Learning Hypothesis ,
• The Monitor Hypothesis ,
• The Natural Order Hypothesis ,
• The Input Hypothesis
The Affective Filter hypothesis .
The Acquisition-Learning hypothesis is perhaps the most fundamental of all the hypotheses to be presented here .
The sentence is already correct . It states that adults have two distinct and independent ways of developing competence in a second language .
On one hand , we have acquisition , which , according to Krashen , is the unconscious process children undergo from birth to develop their ability in their first language .
Language acquirers are not usually aware of the fact that they are acquiring that language .
They are not aware of the rules ; they speak without thinking that what they are saying is correct and do not stop to consider the errors they make because they do not think they are doing it wrong .
Some things " sound " good , and others do not .
On the other hand , we have the learning process ; it implies the development of competence in the second language .
We use the term learning to refer to the conscious knowledge we have of the second language , being aware of the rules , for example .
Some theorists say that children acquire language , but that adults can not ; they just learn it .
But according to Krashen , the acquisition-learning process states that adults can also acquire the ability to pick up languages , which does not disappear as we grow up .
But at the same time , it does not mean that adults can always achieve native language levels or that they have access to the same natural " language acquisition device " that children use , as it is so different .
Acquisition is a powerful process in adult learners .
Acquisition can not be converted into learning and vice versa .
They are two different processes ; acquisition is the most important one because we first have to control the mother language and then learn more languages .
An application of teaching , according to this theory , could be that the optimal way a language is learned is through natural communication .
As a second language teacher , the best thing is to create a situation where language is used to fulfil authentic purposes .
This helps students , whether children or adults , acquire the language instead of learning it .
Sports make you test your limits .
You need to get ambitious to improve and convince .
For me , it 's simply passion .
It 's been forever since I loved basketball .
No matter whether I followed professionals on TV or watched the students on the basketball court at school , the fascination always caught me instantly .
When I was 7 years old , my father used to motivate me .
If I scored 10 times in a row from the same spot , he would take me to the kiosk and let me choose as many sweets as I could eat .
Of course , I could n't make it .
But I did n't give up .
After many weeks , hours of training , and countless frustrating moments , my precision improved .
My father was stunned .
He could n't believe that a young boy like me was able to score so many points .
The following day , I received the promised sweets .
Even 10 years later , my motivation has n't changed .
The Scarlet letter box is one of the most recognizable symbols of England .
There is no doubt that most young people want to be white-collar workers .
The sentence is already correct . All my neighbors want to vote for the Greens .
I saw an amazing crimson sunset yesterday .
5 .
He spent his holidays near the turquoise sea .
6 .
My friend was against the Reds , and that was one of the reasons he left his country .
7 .
She is in a bad mood because she lost her job .
8 .
The honey that I bought at the market near my home has an amber tint .
The sentence is already correct .
Introduction
First of all , this report is concerned with how you spend your shopping time in Albacete .
Albacete is so easy to walk around that in the city center you can come across most shops .
The sentence is already correct . Here it is unchanged : Suggestions
In the commercial zone , you can find two small shopping centers .
All of them have the main street between them , and they are in front of each other .
These two are not very large ; however , there are two or three small shops that are truly original .
In contrast , I would mention two big shopping centers in my city .
All of them are on the outskirts , and there are :
Eroski is where you can find a lot of different shops .
Most of them are present in the city center too .
El Corte Inglés , where you can buy many different brands across its five floors .
Conclusion
From my point of view , the city center is more attractive than the shopping centers .
It is a little stressful for me ; in contrast , I prefer a relaxing walk looking at shop windows to an indoor shopping center .
But it depends on how much of a shopping addict you are .
Hi Dan ,
Thank you for your letter .
How are things ?
I am fine .
Would you mind going with me this Saturday ?
This Saturday is Mum 's birthday .
Yesterday I bought her a new television although she already had an old one , but it is horrible .
This evening , I am inviting her to the cinema .
We are watching * Spider-Man * , and afterward , we are going to Burger King because she likes it ; however , I don ’ t like it , but there ’ s no accounting for taste .
Transportation is an important activity in any country .
The advent of technology has brought about drastic changes in means of transportation over time .
At the same time , transport has become a very important means of development for any nation , as all nations are moving toward globalization .
Public transportation has been playing a very important role in transporting people from one place to another .
The mass production and marketing of cars have reduced the role of public transportation .
The sentence is already correct . Here it is unchanged : Cars have become accessible to everybody .
People have been preferring cars over public transportation .
This trend is very dangerous for the world .
This would increase air pollution .
Burning fossil fuels will increase , and this will increase air pollution .
Public transportation should be more attractive and cost-effective .
Governments should encourage people to use public transportation .
People should come forward to prefer public transport over their own vehicles .
The main problem in the United Kingdom is BSE , or as it is commonly called , " Mad Cow Disease . "
It has been discovered that the disease can be transmitted to humans through the consumption of infected beef .
Beef production is a fairly large business in the U.K. , and it was necessary to learn more about this relatively new disease .
It was discovered that British farmers were to blame due to their various industrial techniques .
The disease was originally carried by chickens .
When the farmers killed the chickens for their meat , the remains ( bone and organs ) were processed to provide a cheep feeding product .
Unfortunately the disease carrying organs were not just fed back to chickens but to cows as well .
The cows contracted the disease ( in a slightly different form ) , and this was when " BSE " first emerged .
The correct thing to do , would have been to destroy the infected cows bringing an end to a potentially life - threatening situation .
However , the farmers had money involved , but they did not .
When the infected cows were slaughtered for beef , their remains were processed and fed back to other cattle spreading the disease further .
Unfortunately , unlike chickens , cattle can pass this disease on to humans through their beef .
The same industrial techniques are still used today , and with people in the UK becoming more aware of the facts and more health-conscious , beef sales have decreased .
It can take up to seven years to learn that you have contracted the disease .
And so , some public attitudes are : " Why should I stop eating beef if I already have BSE ? "
Another public attitude is ignoring warnings since there have n't been any victims .
But it seems the most popular option is to play it safe and quit beef entirely .
It seems that more and more families are opting for chicken , pork , or lamb as an alternative .
It could also have devastating effects on the agricultural industry .
If there comes a point where supply outweighs demand , farmers will produce less beef and make less money .
It is therefore conceivable to think that farmers will switch from beef to an alternative product .
The doorbell rang while I was staying at home and thinking about my lost little cat .
If you knew my pet cat , you would n't be surprised by my love for him .
His name was Timoshka , and he was n't as ordinary as other cats .
He was very intelligent and could understand what I said .
He has always recognized my voice and my mood .
If I remember correctly , I found him sitting next to my house on the street .
He was so dirty that I could n't see him in the dark .
Only his green eyes were shining there .
I took pity on him and took this one into my home .
After his bath , he changed into a white kitten like a snowball .
Well , I came to my door and opened it .
A little girl was living near me .
She was holding something small and dirty .
To my great surprise , this something was a cat !
This cat is mine !
How happy I was !
The topic of environmental conservation and pollution prevention is very important not only in my city but throughout the country .
Many people are concerned about the increase in industrial waste , garbage on the streets , and the lack of effective processing .
Nowadays we still use traditional ways of recycling and rubbish collection .
One crucial point is that we do not have a sorting system by type of rubbish .
We collect our waste in one bag and then throw it into the special containers that are placed in each city area .
From time to time , approximately twice a week , this rubbish is unloaded into vehicles and taken away to a recycling site .
It is difficult to imagine its further processing , but we know exactly that plastic and rubber waste is recycled .
Regarding other items , I think they could be placed in containers and buried underground for conservation .
But there are a few steps in this direction from our officials—a new recycling factory was built in a suburb and started to function last year .
On the other hand , many citizens complain about the shortage of garbage baskets and containers on the streets of our city .
Sometimes we may see scenes like someone throwing litter straight onto an embankment or a sidewalk in the city center , polluting the streets .
Anna knew it was going to be a very special day for her .
Right after she arrived at work , where she was nothing more than a typical underestimated office worker , Anna was informed that she should go see her boss and prepare to be eaten alive because of the last report .
Once she set foot in his office , she was surprised by a crowd of people yelling , " Happy birthday ! "
Literally everyone was there , even her husband Adam , who was holding their disabled daughter in his arms .
I 've got a real stunner for you , Anna , " said her boss , smiling like a Cheshire cat .
Given my upcoming retirement , I have been tasked with finding my replacement .
I told the management that you were the perfect choice .
Anna was thrilled to bits—after all these years , she was going to become a manager !
And yet another surprise was in store .
Her skirt was being pulled out of the blue—Anna looked down and noticed her 5-year-old daughter standing still on her disabled legs .
It was truly astonishing !
She fell to her knees with tears of joy running down her cheeks .
She was on cloud nine .
Suddenly her whole body started to shake .
Adam was standing at the hospital bed , staring at his wife 's convulsing body .
After many long years in a deep coma , Anna 's family finally lost hope and chose euthanasia with aching hearts .
The teenage daughter silently shrieked and buried her head in Adam 's chest .
Shaking stopped , and the long , monotonous sound confirmed that Anna had just left this world for a better place .
Now she could constantly celebrate her birthday with her beloved family .
I must say that I strongly agree shopping is not always an enjoyable experience .
To begin with , standing in a queue can give you a terrible headache .
Only ten minutes is just enough in an atmosphere of people shouting and haggling over every last penny .
Every once in a while , when you get home after shopping , it can turn out that you 've just bought a real pig in a poke .
The food might not be properly fresh , especially when it comes to dairy and meat products .
Not only can people not afford to buy expensive products , but they also spend too much money on useless goods .
The sentence is already correct . It appears that the shop policy is very relevant in this particular matter .
It 's common to put products on special offer and hire some good-looking salespeople , making it almost impossible to refuse them .
As they say , you can shop 'til you drop !
On the other hand , it isn ’ t necessary to purchase anything at all .
People are shopping around these days again and again to compare prices , are n't they ?
It 's funny , but they always seem to be searching for the biggest bargain in their lives .
There is no doubt that browsing the mall without buying can be as tiring as breaking the bank .
Introduction for the paper
Supply chain involves the management and provision of information across many areas of a company , encompassing the selection of raw materials , the processing of raw materials into finished goods , and the transportation of those finished goods or products to customers .
The main parts are suppliers , production , and distribution .
One important task is to use the information provided in each area in order to create a logical connection between these main parts to achieve the objective of selling a high-quality product with reduced costs and time .
The definition of a standardized process is the establishment of the same method to be applied in the production of certain activities or functions .
This method is already accepted with the required parameters .
A standardised product is the result of a standardised process .
For example , the production of a Coca-Cola bottle in Brazil has to be the same as the production of a Coca-Cola bottle in Australia .
A standardized product must not have large deviations in order to sell the same product to all customers .
Transport essentially constitutes our means of movement .
Not all sections of society can always afford cars .
Public transport should be optimally run in accordance with demand .
Public spending should be used appropriately to ensure the maximum benefit for the public .
Drive down any street in urban America , and you 'll see young males and females—both Black and white—driving Pathfinders , BMWs , Mercedes , and other luxury automobiles .
The sentence is already correct . How do these young people acquire the funds to afford such expensive rides ?
They dress in Karl Kani , Pele Pele , and Guess clothing .
They wear Cartier wristwatches and expensive Nike shoes .
The sentence is already correct .
In many cases , the answer is simple : crime .
As unfortunate as it may sound , many youths are well aware that crime pays—and it pays well .
What alternatives does an inner-city youth have when faced with inescapable poverty ?
The answer becomes apparent when someone is often surrounded by criminals living larger than those taking a more " conservative " path to financial security .
The philosophy is simple : if you want it , go get it—at any cost .
The consequences are few , especially considering the shockingly low percentage of criminals who actually end up in jail .
The only danger that exists for a criminal comes from other criminals trying to take what 's theirs .
Police pose no threat as they are far outnumbered ; it is virtually a game of chance as to whether one gets caught in an act of crime .
Fortunately for the criminals , these odds are drastically in their favor . The public calls for more police but refuses to pay the taxes needed to hire them .
The few police officers on the street are thus often left chasing criminals like a dog chasing its tail .
If a criminal is apprehended and , in an unusual circumstance , is placed in jail for a non-violent crime , it is only a matter of time ( often a short amount of time ) before they are free to return to the wealth and comfortable living supported by burglary , mugging , drug dealing , or simple con games .
Jail space is reserved for murderers and rapists first ( as it should be ) , and when a murderer is convicted and sentenced , a drug dealer is released back onto the streets .
What an ordinary citizen imagines when witnessing or hearing about a nonviolent crime is a thug bent on destroying society : killing babies , smoking as much weed as they can get their hands on , etc .
In reality , these criminals are merely doing a job that pays them better than any other .
Why work at McDonald 's where you 're forced to work in a hot , cramped atmosphere , possibly with an overbearing boss stuck in a service job with no end in sight , making $ 5.00 an hour and shopping at Kmart for clothes ?
The sentence is already correct . It is obvious that crime pays .
The proof exists on every street in urban America : underprivileged youth rolling in luxury automobiles and stuffing wads of cash into their designer jeans .
This is less a choice than an act of taking advantage of an opportunity .
There are few alternatives for low-income youths and fewer obstacles in the quest for cash .
With violent crime rising and financial support for more police declining , crime will continue to pay .
If you are looking for a film about teenage first love to watch on a rainy day , I recommend watching * Endless Love * .
This is a remake of Franco Zeffirelli 's 1981 film , but instead of an age difference , there 's a class difference .
Directed by Shana Feste , the film shows the throes of teenage first love , when David , the smart , decent , blue-collar guy who 's happy to go into business with his father as a mechanic , falls in love with Jade , a wealthy , sheltered , and studious girl with plans to attend Brown University .
The class difference between their families becomes a great deal for both of them .
The film features Alex Pettyfer and Gabriella Wilde in the lead roles .
With his handsome face and gentlemanly attitude , and her perfect silhouette , both try to live with their different lifestyles together .
They will fight against everything to protect their innocent love .
Both act their parts perfectly , but there are brilliant performances from the rest of the cast as well .
Another thing about this movie that you 'll love is the cinematography .
The romantic scenes and the music create the perfect atmosphere for this type of film .
Finally , the script is wonderful , lovely , and touching—David and Jade should be just like that .
If you enjoy cheesy love movies , I definitely recommend watching * Endless Love * .
It is undeniable that housing and transport networks are very important for us , but many people choose to build these in areas of farmland , forest , and wetland , which destroy animals ' habitats and pollute the environment we live in .
In my opinion , it is time for governments to take action .
To begin with , the energy in the world is limited . In other words , what we eat and what we need depends on farming and forests . If we run out of these resources , building more large-scale buildings would finally lead to a disaster .
As for the animals , a series of large-scale buildings is being built , so they can no longer live in the forest and have to move to other places . According to * China Daily * , it was reported that three elephants entered a town and ate the crops because their habitat had been turned into roads . Many kinds of animals have to change their living habits , adapting to what people have done .
For many sea species , numerous visiting boats are launched into the sea , polluting the ocean and leading to a high death rate .
To solve these intractable problems , governments need to take measures .
For example , education is the key to raising people 's responsibility ; governments can teach through public media . They can also allow organizations to travel around the world to spread awareness of the problems the areas have faced . These are perhaps long-term solutions , but they are more realistic than setting up yet another international organization .
One of the greatest inventions of all time is the television .
The invention that swept the world and changed the leisure habits of countless millions was pioneered by the Scottish-born electrical engineer John Logie Baird .
It had long been realised that light could be converted into electrical impulses , making it possible to transmit such impulses over a distance and then reconvert them into light .
And now it has become one of the most important mass media .
Millions of people around the world like to watch TV in their spare time .
It informs , educates , and entertains them .
It influences the way people look at the world and makes them change their views .
TV simply helps us relax after a hard day 's work , offering a great variety of entertaining and musical programs .
But some opinions hold that television is doing a lot of harm .
People are beginning to forget how to occupy their free time .
It prevents them from communicating with each other , visiting friends , or seeing relatives .
And indeed , people used to have hobbies ; they used to go outside for amusement—to theatres , cinemas , and sporting events .
They used to read books and listen to music .
All free time is now given to television .
Still , it isn ’ t a good thing for children to be glued to the TV screen all day long .
It 's very harmful to their health and to the development of their personalities , because children prefer low-standard hits , horror films , or banal series .
I 'm not that passionate a TV viewer .
In fact , I only watch those programs that I find interesting and helpful .
I relax when I watch musical shows , humorous programs , and game shows .
To my mind , all these things depend on the lifestyle of people .
Nevertheless , television has obviously changed society , and it is probably used more than any other type of mass media .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
USA Summer Camps
I am writing regarding your recent advertisement about USA Summer Camps .
I am interested in applying to and working for you .
I am 22 years old and hold a first degree in Education from the University of Warmia and Mazury .
My first language is Polish ; however , I am very fluent in English , which would help me communicate with children .
I am also very sociable and good at communicating with children of all ages , which I am sure will help me establish a good relationship with them .
In addition , I have a First Aid certification which can be very useful in this kind of camp .
As a teacher , I have a lot of experience in organizing sports activities , as I have been a teacher and used to do something very similar .
I am very knowledgeable about children and what they enjoy doing in their free time .
I am confident that I would be able to help these children spend their time very actively .
However , I am good at cooking as well . I would be able to help you with cooking if you need any help .
I am very knowledgeable about health food , which I prepare very often at home .
I would be more than happy if you chose me for this job , as I am certain I could make a valuable contribution to your Summer Camps .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully
Antonina Chłudzińska
My name is Caro Gutierrez and I 'm from Mexico , I am the type of person that like being around children , helping them in their needs to make things easier for them .
On the other hand , I have the ability to play different sports , such as swimming , basketball , volleyball , and softball .
I like working in a clean and organized kitchen .
I also like to have all the required kitchen tools and the materials needed to prepare a meal handy .
I would enjoy working at this summer camp if you give me the opportunity and I look forward to hearing from you .
Dancing your problems away .
Dancing has been my favorite hobby since I was very young .
I learned from my parents how good it feels to move your body , and perhaps without them , I would n't be in a street dance crew right now while taking ballet lessons .
Doesn ’ t it just make everyone feel positive about dancing ?
Throughout history , dancing has developed into an easy task that everyone can learn .
Recent studies show that whenever you feel downcast or have issues , this sport stimulates your senses and has a great impact on your body and nervous system .
Recent additions include a healthy life , with an impact on your lifestyle .
It is a highly popular sport . Furthermore , it provides many benefits .
Why not think about it ?
You 'll find that every time a fast song comes on , you 'll need to move even though you 're sitting on a chair .
Instead of sitting down , you should take on the challenge and have fun .
Dancing is not intended for a specific age group , so everyone can start it .
The only advice would be to clear the negative mood from your head , forget about the setbacks , and just wind down .
As long as you enjoy yourself , you 'll do excellently .
In conclusion , if you want a different kind of experience , go out and try it .
The family is the most valuable and priceless gift someone can ever have .
Having a family means having everything .
The strong and special bond we have with our family is unbreakable ; it is that one powerful and magical connection that lasts forever .
Friends come and go , but your family will always be there for you .
When you 're at your worst , friends leave , becoming strangers through the night , and the next day they do n't even bother to say hello .
We will never know for sure how many of our friends are real and how many just fake friendship , but there 's one thing we can be sure of : our family is our best friend .
Friends ca n't always be relied upon ; they may be willing to betray you and spread your darkest secrets .
But you can count on your family 's full support whenever you need it .
The family is where we grew up , where we were taught what love and kindness mean , the treasure that provided us with the warmth of a home .
We 'll never ask a stranger for help ; we 'll ask our mother or grandmother for wise advice because it is a thousand times more valuable .
I believe that the infinite love that our family has for us is the most significant proof that we could never find a better friend than our own family anywhere else throughout the world because since the day of our birth , we were lucky enough to be given the best ones—our irreplaceable family .
A lot of teenagers are jealous of famous people , assuming that their lives are amazing and full of entertainment , joy , and fun .
But what about the price they must pay for their extravagant lifestyle ?
No doubt , young people are sure that celebrities enjoy the life most of them only dream about .
At the same time , they forget a very important thing .
Film and pop stars , politicians , and models are sometimes deprived of their privacy .
Moreover , hundreds of fans and paparazzi are hunting for them and even sometimes intrude on their private environment .
Being in public is the main part of their profession .
On the other hand , they have families of their own and close relatives , and they have the right to their personal pastimes .
In my opinion , famous people deserve admiration due to their abilities and talents , though we should not only adore them but also respect them .
Much has occurred in the 20th century that has changed the way people live .
The invention that comes to mind as the most influential is the computer .
The invention of the late 20th century has forever changed the way people live and work .
The first computers were expensive monsters that filled entire rooms and could perform only a few calculations per second .
With advancements in technology and the move toward miniaturization , the desktop PC has evolved .
These small , relatively inexpensive machines can do everything their predecessors could and much more .
Every day , new and exciting improvements are being made to enhance the performance of these tools .
The sentence is already correct . The impact of computers on the world has been great .
They have changed the way people do business and radically altered how data and information are handled .
In short , people 's productivity has increased tenfold .
As we move into the 21st century , this fact will become more important .
The amount of information available in the world will require the use of computers to organize and extract what is of interest .
The personal computer has played , and will continue to play , a major role in our lives .
The day is just around the corner when every human being in the developed world will have their own PC , linked by cellular modem to the world 's databases , other PCs , and small digital assistants that will replace the printed page .
We have only just begun to realize the impact of this twentieth-century miracle .
We are limited only by our imagination .
And the future of this invention looks bright indeed .
The Cherepovets match factory " FESKO " is the leading company in the match branch of the industry .
It is the largest manufacturer of matches in the post-Soviet space and in Europe .
At the same time , the company continues to grow by increasing production and strengthening its position in the market .
The first attempt to build the Cherepovetsk match factory was in 1948 , when construction of the factory on the bank of the Yagorba River began .
But a set of equipment for the match production was not received .
The building was converted into a plywood pipe plant .
The match factory was built as recently as 1970 .
It was planned to buy equipment for production in Sweden , but eventually the factory was equipped with domestic positional equipment .
Then the Cherepovetsk factory 's capacity was almost the worst in the industry .
The general reconstruction of the company began in 1981 .
Five " Arenko " automatic production lines were installed over three years , and by the end of the technology modernization , 70 % of the equipment had been replaced with brand-new ones .
And it marked the beginning of the ascent to a leading position in the industry .
Since 2012 , " FESKO " has been carrying out a large-scale modernization , which has cost more than 200 million rubles .
The sentence is already correct , but if you intended to provide a complete sentence , here ’ s a possible correction : Stay committed to your fitness .
I would like to write about fitness because it 's a very interesting topic to me , given that I live in a family where no one ever stops .
We usually go jogging ; it 's very healthy because heart rate can improve if someone runs constantly at a low speed .
But I know that jogging is a sport that many people hate because it 's tiring , so luckily there are infinite sports and each of us can choose the best for themselves .
I find aerobic exercise very useful because it is based on physical exercise combined with music ; it 's very fun .
Unfortunately , most people do n't take physical exercise seriously because they are lazy . Anyway , I think exercise should be an integral part of our lives .
Obviously , fitness also depends on one 's diet .
The sentence is already correct .
That 's big advice , but no one , not even me , can give up on sweets .
Normally , people go to the gym to feel and look better .
When you feel good about yourself , you enjoy life more and even have more protection against illness .
In fact , it 's for this reason that I extended the hours of physical education at school .
Sport helps not only the body but also the mind ; it helps to vent nervous energy and makes you feel free .
Do it for yourself , at the beginnen it will be hard but at the end you 'll be satisfied
During my time as a teacher , I organized many group activities .
An example that I would like to provide is during my induction year , when I had to select and organise a group of students to represent the school in a charity campaign .
When I was selecting the group , I had to take into account each student 's background and motivations in order to create mixed and cooperative learning .
I used my strong communication skills to explain what was necessary to accomplish the task and to deliver instructional materials .
I used plenty of positive reinforcement to encourage everyone to participate , because they were a low-ability group with low levels of motivation , and they were not used to winning any challenge .
While the students were producing artwork to sell to raise funds , I supervised and monitored their tasks , giving feedback on the completed ones and suggesting how they could improve them .
The campaign was a success , and the group was awarded the prize for the most supportive students within the national context .
To begin with , everyone has a right to their own privacy .
There is no doubt that no one wants to be stalked—it is uncomfortable and annoying .
Even a star wants to have a little piece of quiet from time to time .
Surely a journalist or a paparazzo can be wrong in making their judgments .
It does n't matter whether someone is a celebrity or an ordinary person—I believe misleading gossip can ruin anyone 's life .
On the other hand , some big stars might not be as famous if they were n't chased by paparazzi .
As a matter of fact , it appears that some people want to be followed on purpose—to gain more fame , of course .
A bad reputation often seems to be the shortest way to bask in glory .
Journalists also deserve to earn a living and produce good stories for their editors , especially if it is an exclusive on a big event .
Finally , a lack of privacy is an unpleasant price for staying in the limelight .
Famous people are forced to live with it , whether they like it or not .
I agree that celebrities should n't be constantly followed by journalists , but if they truly wanted their privacy to be respected , they would n't involve themselves in so many public scandals—there are people who just love getting others ' attention .
The diagram exhibits the changes over the last ten years in the quantities of immigrants to Australia .
It separates into nine world regions .
The ones that show a significant decrease are Europe and Asia .
Moreover , India , East Asia , and America have only a very small decrease .
However , the regions of Oceania and Africa saw significant increases .
Overall , the chart shows a decrease in immigration .
Nowadays , there are many famous people in our society who face a lack of privacy . In my opinion , they deserve to have as much privacy as possible .
They are ordinary people with the same needs as everyone else .
However , as they are famous , they receive a lot more attention from the media and fans than we could imagine .
The unstoppable vast amount of attention is usually a worse thing than a good one .
Everybody wishes to have as much privacy as they can .
It is unbearable for famous people to deal with journalists when they go shopping or anywhere else .
Can you imagine going shopping and having a group of journalists take a picture of every step you take ?
I can guarantee that none of us would appreciate a lifestyle like that .
I can firmly say that famous people like politicians and film stars deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
Students finish school at the age of 16 .
They are very young , but I believe that young people should have the chance to go their own way .
In my opinion , it is a good experience for young people to leave school at the age of 16 because they
Gain the chance to get practical experience .
People tend to look on the dark side .
I think there are two good reasons for starting work at the age of 16 .
First ,
Some students are young and motivated , while others are glad to finish studying .
Secondly , it is very important to learn as much as you can when you are young .
On the other hand , they are not old enough to know what they want to do with their whole life .
I think it is hard to get prepared for real life .
Teachers do their best .
But is that enough ?
However , the system is working , and it would be hard to improve it .
Everybody has the opportunities to make their own decisions .
Nowadays , more and more people tend to have a healthy lifestyle .
Everybody wants to be healthy and to visit their doctor only once a year for a health evaluation .
However , living a healthy lifestyle is not easy ; it requires following these steps , such as eating a healthy diet , exercising regularly , and getting enough sleep at night .
Physical activity is one of the most important aspects of a healthy lifestyle .
Regular exercise not only keeps your body physically strong but also reduces the likelihood of developing many health-related problems and increases tolerance to stressful situations .
It is a fact that physical exercise strengthens our skeletomuscular system .
Well-developed and strong vertebral muscles keep our body in the correct vertical position , so vertebral deformation will not develop and back pain will not occur .
Indeed , doing a special type of gym activity called " cardio " improves blood circulation in the internal organs and the heart .
Accordingly , the risk of cardiovascular diseases decreases .
Also , everybody knows that strong positive or negative emotions , due to certain hormonal reactions , have an impact on heart function .
In a regular person , heart rate and blood pressure can increase dramatically and even cause a stroke or a heart attack .
In trained people , the intensity of heart contractions and stroke volume will increase .
The heart rate will change slightly .
Thus , trained individuals have a better tolerance for stressful situations .
The food we consume is the next aspect of a healthy lifestyle .
A healthy diet consists of balanced , fresh , and unprocessed foods with a proper amount of calories .
Our daily food should include enough protein , carbohydrates , fats , minerals , and vitamins , which are required for normal body functions .
For instance , a lack of protein causes muscle weakness ; a lack of vitamin A causes myopia and night blindness .
Also , if food is not fresh or not prepared properly , it can contain bacteria or parasites .
For example , spoiled milk products can lead to gastrointestinal tract dysfunctions , and improperly thermally processed seafood can cause leptospirosis .
Moreover , fast food should not be on the table .
Avoiding eating fast-food products , we reduce a risk factor for developing some serious diseases , such as cancer .
French fries are just one example .
Fries are usually cooked in a large amount of oil that boils throughout the day .
According to science , we also have to limit the size of portions and consume only the amount of calories according to our individual needs .
This way , we will never have problems with obesity .
Being healthy is fun !
You might think being unhealthy only means being fat , but that 's not true .
Being unhealthy can lead to multiple diseases , such as heart or breathing problems and even depression .
Besides this being very awful , staying healthy is a good way to feel good about yourself , find new interests , and make new friends .
Here are some suggestions for those who want to be healthy :
Instead of going to a fast food chain during your lunchtime , why do n't you try our campus cafeteria , which offers a wide variety of salads and soups that are not only healthy but also really tasty ?
Did you know that our athletics team is accepting registrations ?
This could be a great way to find new teammates who would help you develop some skills .
Do n't waste time ; run to get the last spots .
Right outside our campus , you can find a gym that offers many activities , such as spinning , aerobics , and even swimming lessons .
Also , because you are studying at this college , they will give you a big discount !
Are you what is called a couch potato ? Get up off the couch , turn off the TV , and go to the park on campus .
There you can breathe some fresh air while you read a book , play frisbee , or defend your point of view with other students .
Traveling by car has become increasingly popular nowadays .
However , public transport will still survive .
First of all , public transport , like buses and subways , is much cheaper and less resource-consuming than cars .
The public transport can provide an affordable option for those who can not afford to buy fancy cars .
It 's also more convenient to travel by public transport like airplanes for long distances since traveling by car for long distances can be really exhausting and inconvenient .
Last but not least , public transport is more environmentally friendly than cars , which means public transport will play an even more important role as the environmental problem becomes more and more severe .
If I could dream about an imaginary transport , the machine would be long , wide , and white .
I must be lying inside it to travel , and the most important thing is that I 'll fall completely asleep in a few seconds .
I will be awake again until I arrive at my destiny : The Spanish Golden Century .
There the dramatist Lope de Vega will be waiting for me to show me how plays took place in that period when the theatre was the best entertainment and the buildings were great .
Maybe I 'll act like I did in the past .
I 'm going to write a movie review now .
The name of the film is * Bangalore Days * .
It is a film by Anjali Menon , who earlier directed the film * Ustad Hotel * .
It 's a tale of three childhood friends from Kerala .
Kuttan , Kunju ( Diviya ) , and Arjun .
They are typical small-town youth dreaming of the big city , Bangalore .
Kuttan himself narrates the story .
He starts with a punch line : when they are in Kerala , they don ’ t like it , but when they are out of Kerala , they miss it so much .
At the beginning of the story , Kuttan gets a job in Bangalore , while Divya completes her BBA from a local college .
She is planning to go to a bigger city for an MBA .
At that moment , an astrologer recommended that Divya marry soon .
An arranged marriage happened .
Her husband 's name is Das .
When Das first met Divya , he told her that he was in a serious relationship and didn ’ t think he was over it .
But it did not hinder the marriage .
From the first night of the marriage , Divya found something was very wrong when Das took off all his wedding clothes and came up with a sleeping gown , along with a laptop , and said that he had some office work to do .
When they went to their apartment in Bangalore , the person showing the room said that it remained locked with old stuff , so they could use the other rooms .
Das keeps himself busy with office work all the time , besides showing an attitude that he has no time for others .
Though Divya and he are a married couple , he has never shown any interest in her .
At the beginning , Divya always tried to match with Das , but she could not .
She is losing patience and developing a damn-care attitude .
Das never feels anything for Divya .
She keeps herself busy with her friends .
Meanwhile , Arjun came to the city . As he is a motorcycle expert , he found a racing club named Storm Riders and started working as a motorcycle mechanic .
He can ride a motorbike exceptionally well ; hence , he won a race with the club owner .
The sentence is already correct . Later the club owner banned him for one year .
The sentence is already correct . But the coach of the club keeps an eye on him .
Meanwhile , Arjun falls in love with an RJ named Sarah , who is disabled .
The relationship faces many challenges .
Sarah 's mother does n't approve of the relationship .
They want to go to Australia .
The relationship between Divya and Das is getting worse .
At this time , after a quarrel , Divya opened the locked room and found that it was a keepsake of Das 's past relationship .
Now Divya understands why their relationship is not working .
Then she discussed it with her two best friends , Arjun and Kutty .
These two became very angry .
Later Divya goes back to her parents ' home .
Her family blamed Das and his family and wanted a divorce .
Kuttan wants to marry a girl who must be a traditional Keralite , have respect for Kerala culture , and also be beautiful .
At this point , Kuttan made an urgent trip by air to visit his sick father .
On the plane , he met Meenakshi , the flight attendant .
When Kuttan saw Meenakshi , he thought he had found his dream girl .
Later , they met in a mall and suddenly exchanged their phone numbers .
The relationship began to grow .
Later , he found that Meenakshi was not a traditional girl but rather a trickster .
It broke his heart .
Eventually he found traditional Indian values in a foreign girl .
One day when the yearly racing event comes , the coach tries to persuade Arjun to attend the race .
At this time , Arjun found out Das was the racing legend of the club .
Everybody respects and loves Das .
He gets to know Das 's story from others .
After a terrible accident , Das 's girlfriend died .
After that , no one sees that . Arjun shares the thing with his friends .
Divya immediately returned to Bangalore and started her MBA .
Now Das and Divya are coming closer .
In the race , Arjun became the champion .
On the same day , Sarah is leaving for Australia .
After the race , Das drove them to Sarah 's home to see her .
The story thus ended happily .
I love playing tennis .
I think it is one of the most comprehensive sports in the world .
I started playing tennis when I was 10 years old . My father taught me first , and then I had one of the best teachers in the country .
I was a great player . I won several tournaments and had a lot of fans .
My game was based on resistance . I could play for hours . I had just one thing in my head : pass the ball no matter what .
My height was an important advantage too ; I could reach all the balls from one corner to the other .
When I talk with kids who want to start playing tennis , I always tell them that tennis is about consistency . It 's not easy—you ca n't watch a game on TV and try to play just like the professionals in a couple of days . It does n't work that way .
You must train at least two hours per day , eat proper food , avoid alcohol , and get enough sleep .
If you can do that , you could be a future tennis champion .
Good luck .
Technological breakthroughs have dazzled me throughout my entire life .
In school , I was passionately indulged in my studies , trying to understand how electrical gadgets work .
On the roads , I observed cars , wondering how they move .
I enjoyed using technical devices and electrical gadgets even in bed .
However , when I was a teenager , my mother had to undergo surgery to remove part of her liver .
This type of surgery carries a low mortality risk despite the likelihood of human error .
Although the operation was successful and my mother was healthy again .
The doctor had to remove her ovaries during the surgery after accidentally causing a hemorrhage in them .
He made a human mistake and my mother barely survived her liver operation with the unannounced removal of her ovaries .
The overwhelming panic that I felt during her operation and the pain we went through as a family after the surgery have changed the shape of my life forever .
Due to a human error , neither my life nor my mother 's life was ever the same again .
Ever since that day , I have wanted to be an engineer to design a robotic system that can perform surgeries with high accuracy , thus eliminating the human error margin .
I studied mechatronics engineering with the hope that one day , with enough knowledge and willpower , I would be able to work and contribute to the field of engineering .
I am both hardworking and resilient .
Living in Aleppo , my city in Syria , during the war has broadened my vision and expanded my horizons .
I want to contribute to improving my country and fixing what the war has destroyed by providing inexpensive prostheses for the war 's injured victims .
Therefore , master 's studies would enable me to put a smile on the face of a child who might have lost his legs , but this does not necessarily mean he has lost his right to play and enjoy his childhood .
I believe in lifelong learning and I am enthusiastic about learning European languages in general , and German in particular .
After finishing my master 's program , I will prepare for my Ph.D . Besides studying in academic settings , I will continue learning and improving my German while traveling around Germany in my free time to explore its enticing and wonderful culture .
I believe that we , as humans , are all equal and share the same dreams and hopes .
Thus , I want to do my best to help every living being on planet Earth lead a healthy and happy life .
Not only the present generation but also the entire human race .
I believe that after acquiring sufficient knowledge in the technical field , I will be able to extend the life expectancy of the human race by developing robots and systems that can work hand in hand to ensure human safety .
Whether by designing more intelligent systems to organize traffic or developing robots that can perform surgeries with lower risk .
Finally , I must say that I feel the urge to help every human being I come across in my life , regardless of their race , gender , or ethnicity . I do believe that we all have within us the power to achieve our dreams in life ; we just need a strong motive and enough dedication .
The sky is the limit .
The computer has been a major technological invention of great importance .
We can perform tasks such as writing letters at the push of a button , using programs , and even playing games with these masterpieces .
A person of any age can use a computer for business or pleasure , and generally , the machine is a super enhancement in our ever-expanding , business-oriented world .
However , with health experts , our marvelous machine poses problems to our health that must not be ignored .
Apart from being a necessity for some , it makes human beings lazy to a certain extent and thus allows us to use our brains less and less .
It is true to say that a computer can perform hundreds of useful tasks to which our brains are completely indifferent .
But we ought to ask ourselves , " What happens when the computer-oriented world collapses ? "
" We would then have to use our brains . "
It is not sensible to pin all our efforts and hopes on a machine that runs on electricity .
The brain must be exercised to allow for this possible blunder if we are disconnected from our precious computers .
We must educate ourselves more , and especially our children , who are at the forefront of tomorrow 's technology .
Hello Jo .
In my opinion , my country , Spain , is the best place to travel .
Here you can find many wonderful cities and places to visit .
I would like to recommend two cities for you to visit .
First , you must visit Seville .
Seville is in the south of Spain .
It is a large city .
The sentence is already correct . It has a hot climate .
People there are very happy and celebrate their parties in the street .
It is very important to stay there in spring .
Secondly , Toledo .
Toledo is in the center of Spain .
The sentence is already correct . It is a historical city .
Toledo was built on a mountain surrounded by a river .
Toledo was a place where three cultures lived .
It has an important historical centre , with many museums and places to visit .
It 's very easy to work here in Spain if you want .
Although many people are without jobs , it is known that there are many temporary jobs available .
In summer , bars and restaurants need many waiters and cooks .
These employees are temporary ; you can get some money for your trip .
Warm regards .
Rafa .
Dear Prime Minister , recently , a significant number of local residents have been arguing about building the recycling plant .
Like many others , I strongly believe it will benefit everyone in several positive ways .
In fact , almost all the residents in our local area are inclined to believe that building such a huge recycling plant will provide the jobs we need .
Also , our neighborhood used to be one of the most attractive areas , but now there is an unbearably enormous increase in the amount of garbage that we want to get rid of .
Another reason is that protecting the environment has been very difficult to do , but by building the recycling plant , it will be much easier to keep our environment healthy .
Recycling does not only save the environment but also saves your money , as buying recycled items is a lot cheaper .
The government has a massive responsibility to encourage people to recycle .
Finally , in my opinion , building the recycling plant is a great idea .
Factually , it is beneficial to both humans and the environment . Yours faithfully , Banhi Mohamed
Dear Tom ,
I am writing to you to apply for this summer camp job . I usually work with children of these ages because I am a teacher , and after I finish , I usually go to prepare food for many children at the same school .
In my free time , I like preparing activities for children that are normally related to sports and outdoor activities .
Although I could be considered an energetic and cheerful person , I put all my energy into the work that I do . I 'm a hardworking person .
If I have anything to do with it , I always win .
I 'm interested in this job because I like to learn and improve my work experience and my résumé .
I think I would be a suitable candidate for the job because I have all the qualities you require .
Thanks for your consideration .
Bye .
If ever there was a false statement , it is : " There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient . "
Travelling by car , with its carbon monoxide polluting the atmosphere and contributing to global climate change .
The sentence is already correct .
Our love of convenience will cause the end of our beautiful planet and , of course , us as well .
In most large cities around the world , cars are now actually inconvenient , and most people rely on public transport to get around .
The Paris Metro , New York Subway , and London Underground are all integral parts of these teeming cities .
In many cities , there are not only massive traffic jams , but there is also nowhere to park your car once you reach your destination .
If there is to be a public , they will need to use and enjoy public transportation .
The model does need some work , however , such as smaller and more frequent buses during most of the day , with the big buses only coming out during rush hours .
The future is all about public transport , with the private gas-driven car a thing of the past .
If we make it past this disaster , we 'll be saying , " What were we thinking ? "
Television has become an important part of our daily lives , and it has both advantages and disadvantages .
Nowadays , television is not only a source of entertainment and advertisements but also an impressive teaching aid in education ; its educational importance can not be underestimated either .
It is becoming popular in schools , and its audio-visual quality makes education programs more effective and interesting .
Hence schools are making use of their potential for improving education .
Most schools in the United States have television sets , but a lesson in the classroom is often boring , as it does not appeal to most students , so they do not attend it .
Television is a good source for creating interest in lessons .
In subjects like science and geography , there are many things that can be shown on television .
Hi , Nazanin !
Thank you for the postcard .
It was very nice of you .
How was your Easter holiday ?
My holiday was rather interesting , even extraordinary .
As you know , this year I celebrated Easter in Germany because the Easter vacation was very short .
So , I tried to celebrate Easter according to my Ukrainian folk laws .
Traditionally in the morning we have Easter Mass in the church , and then Easter breakfast .
Before the Mass , you must prepare a basket containing traditional Easter food and have it blessed at this Easter Mass .
It was n't so easy to find all the food ...
But at least Easter came .
The weather was amazing—it was warm and sunny—despite the day before being cold , windy , and hail-filled .
My two friends and I went to the railway station because an incident took place in Erfurt .
It was funny to take the basket through the town , because it was windy and I had to carry the basket very carefully to avoid letting the napkin fly away .
The mess hall had to start at 3 , but it started at almost 4 .
The mess lasted approximately two and a half hours , and then we expected to get home quickly because we were rather hungry .
But a little surprise awaited us ...
We took only a few steps , and suddenly it started hailing .
In a few minutes it looked like winter outdoors .
It was not so easy to get to the railway station because it rained and hailed , and we did n't have any umbrella at all .
So , we missed one train and had to wait nearly an hour for another .
We got home only near 8 , we were very hungry , and at last we had our Easter supper .
We had a great time together .
The next day , my friends came to visit me .
That was really cool .
Hope my story was n't too long .
Have you planned anything for next weekend yet ?
We could go anywhere together .
I 'm waiting for your response .
From : Mercè
To : Marta
Subject : Your Family
Hi Marta ,
I 'm writing to invite you and your family to Menorca this summer .
I think you can come the first week of July .
The sentence is already correct . You can stay in my home in the countryside .
When you arrive , we can go to the beach in the morning and take a walk from Ciutadella in the evening . Do n't worry if you do n't want to spend a lot of money because we can have lunch or dinner at home .
I 'm talking to my daughter .
She is very happy because she wants to play tennis with her son .
Hope to hear from you soon !
Mercè is correct as a proper noun , but if you meant the common noun , it would be : Mercy
Spain is suffering a great economic crisis .
There is high inflation and a large underground economy ; as a result , our country 's education system ranks among the poorest in Europe , alongside those of the United States and the UK .
The economic crisis is principally affecting education .
Politics is cutting back on aid for study .
There are more and more students who ca n't study because they receive little economic help .
One solution to this problem is cutting the salaries of people such as footballers , politicians , and commentators of trashy TV shows like * Salvame * .
Society is sure that if it does this , we students will get enough money to study .
The authorities have been working hard to find ways to take care of the environment in the community .
They have a program in that program ; the first rule is that one day per month , all neighbors go out to clean every street .
People have to separate organic and inorganic garbage ; if they do n't do it .
They have kept the garbage in their house even though they follow the rules .
People on the garbage truck do n't collect the garbage .
This line graph shows the number of visitors to a selection of different museums and galleries in Sharjah . Overall , the greatest number of visitors was at the Sharjah Museum of Islamic Civilisation , and the least number of visitors was at Maraya Art Centre .
The most noticeable aspect of the data in Sharjah Art Museum is that it started in 1991 and increased slightly until 2001 , then it rose sharply to reach a peak of approximately 3.2 in 2006 . Secondly , if we look at Sharjah Calligraphy Museum and Sharjah Archaeology Museum , we can notice that both lines started in the same year , 1991 . The Archaeology Museum started with a number of 0.3 , then it remained steady until 2001 before increasing sharply . The Calligraphy Museum started with 1 million visitors and decreased slightly until 1996 to reach 0.9 million visitors , then it remained stable until 2006 before dropping to 0.5 million .
Nowadays , public transport seems to be one of the most suitable choices for traveling .
This may be regarded as quite a difficult problem to solve .
More and more families are now getting used to buying private cars rather than using public transport .
On the one hand , buying a car is worth it for our daily lives .
We can use it for a wide range of activities , such as taking our children to school , going to our place of work , doing the shopping , and , of course , going on family vacations .
Prices might seem high at first , but later on , cars tend to become very affordable .
But on the other hand , climate change lies ahead , and we must ensure that every single person contributes to making our environment a better place for future generations .
For instance , we have many examples that prove public transport itself is improving our environment .
London 's subway , for example , carries more than one thousand people each day .
People barely use their cars in crowded cities , which is why public transport still plays a unique role in our daily lives .
Furthermore , public transport is developing new environmentally friendly engines that may provide better conditions and cleaner air for our people .
Investing in this type of transport is now becoming a common activity for those who have enough income to care about society .
To sum up , people will still use public transport in the future , although changes must be made to ensure its survival .
First of all , try to organize your sports and music time and do your best to do both .
If you 're convinced you ca n't do both , think about two things : first , which activity will give you a better future ; and second , which of these activities you like the most . In my opinion ,
I think sports will give you a lot of benefits more than music , because you do what you like and at the same time exercise .
I really hope this helps you .
Sincerely , Hector
Many people believe that being famous is fantastic : everyone on the street wants to take a picture with you , and you have many fans .
Being popular is cool because everyone knows who you are .
Another good thing about it is that you stand out .
On the other hand , you 're observed by cameras , paparazzi , and fans all the time—even when you 're at home or on holiday with your family .
The sentence is already correct .
And I 'm sure that the next day your photo will be on the front page of the daily news .
What 's more , journalists are just waiting for your mistake , inaccurate statement , or compromising behavior .
Moreover , especially politicians are exposed to being even attacked by brazen journalists who hunt for them .
In my opinion , famous people deserve to have a private life without journalists following them .
Nowadays , everyone wants to know what a private idol 's life looks like , so I think it 's very hard for famous people to keep their own lives to themselves .
Nowadays , everything in the world is very developed , such as education , transportation , people 's lives , and so on .
I 'm sure that in the future these will develop further .
In the future , education will grow a lot . I think it will change in how we teach and what we learn .
Scientists will create a pen that can write in space . With this pen , teachers won ’ t need to go to a place with a board but can write anywhere they want . They will also create a device that helps students who can ’ t go to school attend lessons , and with this device , students can discuss with their friends in a comfortable way .
In the next 50 years , cars using the sun 's energy will become popular , and cars that pollute the environment will disappear .
The number of people walking to school or their workplace will increase .
This is a good change .
People 's lives will change , too . At this time , maybe each family will have a robot that does housework .
People do n't want to spend a lot of time on housework and instead , they can relax after work or do some different activities .
People 's lifestyles will be more comfortable .
I foresee there being many changes in the future .
Everything about me
Hello , I 'm Ailsa Dael Lam , and I 'm thirteen years old .
I was born in a town called Utrecht in the Netherlands .
It 's a nice town in the center of the Netherlands .
Some people think I was born in the Netherlands , but that is incorrect .
I was born in the Netherlands .
The Netherlands is a place in the west of Europe .
Amsterdam , the capital of the country , is there too .
About two years before I was born , my sister Jette came into the world .
She is now fifteen years old .
I also have a father named Geurt , which is a Dutch name that is hard for Swedish people to say , and a mother named Willemien .
We 've always had animals in our family .
Fred was the first cat I ever had .
He was always in my bed when I was a child .
He had a distinctive voice .
It was so loud that everyone knew who he was because of it .
But now he 's dead .
He died at the age of eighteen .
Today we have a dog , Silas , and two other cats called Selma and Romeo .
When Selma was one year old she got five kittens .
One of them was Romeo .
Today they are not so nice to each other as when they were smaller .
I moved to Sweden ten years ago .
We moved because of the nature of our work and because we wanted adventure .
In the Netherlands , there is n't much nature .
When we moved to Sweden , I noticed how much cleaner the air was .
The sentence is already correct . We rented a house near the water .
After a few years , we moved to the house on Edsviksvägen 118 in Danderyd , where we still live today .
We did n't move far , but to a bigger and much nicer house .
Every Wednesday before I go to my dance class , I go to the Dutch school .
There I learn things about Dutch grammar so that I 'm on the same level as Dutch children my age .
If I want to , I can study in the Netherlands because of this reason .
I like to dance and play field hockey .
I play field hockey on Sundays , and I dance on Wednesdays and Saturdays .
Most Swedes do n't know what field hockey is , but it is a sport much like bandy . The difference is that the stick is n't the same .
I feel happy and free when I play hockey and dance .
I like sports , but I definitely like animals too .
Last summer , I was in Spain with my cousins . It was the best holiday ever .
We stayed at a campsite near the sea .
I made my first scuba dive there .
It was so funny .
As I slowly sank into the water , I heard the sound of the bubbles .
I saw three red sea stars and many fish .
I would really like to dive in Australia someday .
I also swam a lot with my cousins .
One of my favorite memories is when Selma had five kittens .
It was so nice playing with them , and they were so cute .
She got them one night in May . I heard the sound of a cat and woke up .
When I looked to my left , I saw Selma in a basket , but she was n't alone .
There were a few other kittens in the basket .
I named them Romeo , Rebecka , Suchi , Ronja , and Viggo .
All of them were white with black spots except one , Ronja , who was black with a white stomach .
My favorite restaurant is Bonbon in Stockholm .
They have small dishes with fish , meat , or vegetables there .
When you want one of the small dishes , they serve a small ball in a glass .
When you have to pay , they check how many balls are in the glass and then count how much you have to pay .
It 's very nice there , and you do n't have to choose just one dish—you can eat several smaller ones .
I also enjoy Italian food at restaurants like Ciao Ciao Duo in Stockholm .
When I 'm grown up , I want to be a veterinarian .
That 's because I love animals and want to help them when they 're sick .
I think many veterinarians charge too much for things you can also do at home .
I don ’ t want to be like that , and I want to start my own animal hospital .
My favorite color is blue .
It 's not just one shade of blue , but all sorts of them .
I also like pink .
I have many more favorite books than colors .
I really like * The Hunger Games * , but I also like books by John Boyne , like * The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas * .
I also like the books * I Am Malala * and * The Kite Runner * by Khaled Hosseini .
I like reading books about war and the Taliban because I find them interesting and exciting .
These stories are often very sad , and I like to read that sort of story .
Here ’ s a little about me .
Thank you for listening .
Ailsa Lam , 7A3
The recent developments in the field of genetic engineering have come largely as a result of discoveries made and techniques designed during this century , starting with the discovery of DNA and the mapping and understanding of its structure .
The manipulation of genes is an incredibly important and dangerously powerful ability which can not be left simply to scientists to look after .
We are all now affected by the results of genetic engineering , be it for medical reasons or commercial ones .
Tomatoes are designed and engineered to last longer , apples to grow bigger , crops to ripen later to allow for transport time , and pigs are used to grow insulin for human use .
The list is enormous .
Along with the many advantages , there are dangers .
New biological weapons are being developed all over the world ; for example , the ability to transfer the genes that cause cancer into a simple disease such as the common cold could , without much doubt , wipe out a significant percentage of the human race .
There need not be a war for something as disastrous as this to occur ; these genetically engineered microbes could be released accidentally while being investigated in an unsealed laboratory .
If we are going to accept the advantages that come with genetic engineering , we must also take responsibility for the disadvantages . The stakes are too high to leave this task to scientists alone , and they can not be expected to take moral responsibility for people who misuse the discoveries or inventions , thereby causing disaster .
Governments should ensure that money is invested not only in research on genetic engineering , but also in ensuring that the results of this research are kept safe .
I recommend visiting a Guido Mine .
It 's an old mine that was turned into a cultural zone in our city .
Of course , it 's still a mine , so you can see all the major equipment used—Zabrze is located in Silesia , the coal-mining area .
The mine was named after Guido Henckel von Donnersmarck , who established it in 1855 .
It has such a rich history that I ca n't just tell you everything in one email .
I can say only that the mine is divided into two levels : 170 and 320 .
The first one , level 170 , presents methods of mining , the work of miners in the late 19th century , and the history of that industry in Silesia .
This level is designed as an interactive form of sightseeing supported by lights and sounds .
The main assumption is to shock the visitor and evoke feelings in them , and in my opinion , it surely does .
The visitors may be surprised by the noise of a crackling ceiling or rats ' squealing .
There are also many exhibitions organized throughout the year .
A highly qualified guide is waiting for every group of visitors and is ready for even the most serious avalanche of questions .
On the sightseeing path , you can also find a chapel—a place that is very important for every miner and , of course , the place where important celebrations take place .
On level 320 , which resembles a real mine , you can see a longwall coal-cutting machine while it 's working .
You can also touch real coal with your bare hands .
Many concerts , exhibitions , and theatre plays are also organised .
And if you get hungry , you can try something regional—you can be sure the cooks won ’ t let you starve to death .
I think the Guido mine is well worth visiting .
Love ,
XYZ .
Nowadays , the airplane is treated as an ordinary part of our lives .
Its primary purpose is to transport people safely from one place to another .
However , a few decades ago , we had a very limited notion of such technology .
Yet , in the present , air is so ubiquitous that we seem not to take notice of it .
If one were to delve into the most paramount inventions of the last century , one would probably indicate modern conveniences , such as television or the computer .
We tend to underrate the importance of the aeroplane .
It is obvious that air travel has had an enormous impact on the way we conceive the world .
Firstly , as a result of its development , we can experience a noticeable surge in mass tourism .
People have ample opportunities to embark on a riveting journey to places they previously only imagined while reading an adventurous book .
Besides , the great influence of the airplane can be seen in mass emigration .
Had the Wright brothers not existed , emigrants and settlers would not have been able to reach remote lands , and the world would have teetered financially .
Regarding the vast changes the aeroplane has undergone , society 's attitude has also improved .
In the first place , throughout the decades we had a distant relationship with such an initially fallible workhorse .
A classic illustration of this could be the use of aircraft only for military purposes .
Since the 20th century was marked by wars , we only killed and exterminated people .
Additionally , creating such a vehicle has been our morbid fascination since time immemorial .
Nonetheless , the situation has somewhat normalized .
Air travel has shifted from a luxury at the rich 's disposal to a common option available to almost everyone .
I personally believe that the influence the aeroplane has had on our lives is significant , yet we must bear in mind the dangers connected with it .
For instance , at the beginning of the 21st century , tourists have been under the constant threat of terrorism .
Moreover , the opportunities that air technology brings may easily contribute to further development .
Perhaps it will improve to such an extent that commuting from Tokyo to London would be in the blink of an eye .
To sum up , the air travel business and its changes have been important for the world .
Apart from minor drawbacks , we can only praise its benefits .
It has certainly had an edifying effect on our thinking about travelling .
Many years ago , people lived without all the things we have nowadays , such as mobile phones , LED TVs , computers , etc .
This means that we have experienced an important change over time , which is due to the rise of technology and entails changes in people 's lives .
Shall we continue developing our technology and our lives ?
From my point of view , technology will continue to change our lives in aspects of routine and free time , to the point that we will not be able to live without using it .
It is a problem that we must not depend on items like phones , TVs , and other technology-created products .
If we had to live in the past , bearing in mind all our dependency on technology , we would not be able to live that way , I am sure of it .
Nonetheless , I think that people 's lives will improve thanks to technology . It is not only about negative aspects like dependency on technology ; it also offers us interesting advancements such as new technologies , new information systems to improve the job market , and enhancements in a wide range of sectors , including agriculture and healthcare .
Finally , to sum up , I think that people 's lives will change , but not dramatically ; it depends on each person and the way in which they focus their lives .
Unfortunately , I have n't seen any thrillers for ages .
I prefer other genres .
The sentence is already correct . I saw a really great comedy by Wes Anderson last month .
Its title is * The Grand Budapest Hotel * .
The story took place in Eastern Europe between the two World Wars .
The hotel manager used to take care of his regular clients , especially old ladies .
The hotel flourished and the manager felt and behaved like a god in his small universe .
He hired the teenage Indian refugee as a bellboy and taught him all his skills .
He gave the boy a lot of lessons on hospitality , friendship , courage , and humanity .
An old man returned to the place of his youth and told the story of his friend and master .
Nowadays , public transport is less convenient than travelling by car because there are other solutions , such as online platforms for carpooling , which allow people to share a ride for a relatively low price with others going to the same destination .
Sharing the car could be an alternative to save money , but it is also more comfortable than traveling with a lot of people .
First of all , public transport has fewer options ; it is too difficult to travel , for example , if you had to work at night or on special days , as it is impossible to get a seat .
On the other hand , if you have missed the bus , train , or any other public transport , you have to wait a long time between them , and it is maddening .
In conclusion , people prefer travelling by car because it is more comfortable , they can go anywhere they want at the time they consider best , and they can choose whether to share the space with others or not .
Nowadays people spend lots of money in order to go to an English-speaking country to improve their language skills .
But is this really the most effective way to learn a language ?
From my perspective , studying in a foreign country has certain drawbacks .
First , this method is very expensive since the tuition fees for international students are quite high .
Besides , when studying abroad , you have to adapt to a very different way of life , which can be quite stressful .
What is more , English teachers do not speak Russian , so if you don ’ t know English well , you will not understand their explanations .
It is often assumed that it is better to study a language abroad because you can always speak it with native speakers .
However , I doubt that we will have many opportunities to speak abroad since we don ’ t know many people there .
It is also believed that Russian teachers are not as qualified as those in England .
I strongly disagree with this opinion because Russian teachers can compare the two languages and explain grammar rules more effectively .
To sum up , I would argue that the best way to learn a language is to study it in your own country because you can always get the necessary help from your teachers .
Moreover , today we have many opportunities to improve our skills , such as communicating with English-speaking pen friends over the Internet .
I think we should travel abroad to practise a language but not to study it .
