Keeping the Secret of Genetic Testing
The sentence is already correct . What is genetic risk ?
Genetic risk refers more to the chance of inheriting a disorder or disease .
People get certain diseases because of genetic changes .
How much a genetic change tells us about your chances of developing a disorder is not always clear .
If your genetic results indicate that you have gene changes associated with an increased risk of heart disease , this does not mean that you will definitely develop heart disease .
The opposite is also true .
If your genetic results show that you do not have changes associated with an increased risk of heart disease , it is still possible to develop heart disease .
However , for some rare diseases , people who have certain gene changes are guaranteed to develop the disease .
When we are diagnosed with certain genetic diseases , are we supposed to disclose this result to our relatives ?
My answer is no .
On one hand , we do not want this potential danger to cause frightening effects in our families ' later lives .
When people around us know that we got certain disease , their altitudes will be easily changed , whether caring us too much or keeping away from us .
And both are not what we want since most of us just want to live as normal people .
Surrounded by such concerns , it is very likely that we are distracted to worry about these problems .
It is a concern that will be with us during our whole life , because we will never know when the " potential bomb ' 'will explode .
On the other hand , if there are ways can help us to control or cure the disease , we can going through thses process from the scope of the whole family .
For an example , if exercising is helpful for family potential disease , we can always look for more chances for the family to go exercise .
And we keep track of all family members health conditions .
At the same time , we are prepared to know when there are other members got this disease .
Here I want to share Forest'view on this issue .
Although some people feel that an individual who is found to carry a dominant gene for Huntington 's disease has an ethical obligation to disclose that fact to their siblings , there is currently no legal requirement to do so .
In fact , requiring someone to communicate their own genetic risk to family members who may therefore also be at risk is considered by many to be ethically dubious .
"
Nothing is absolutely right or wrong .
If a certain genetic disease test is very accurate and it is unavoidable and necessary to get treatment and be known by others , it is OK to disclose the result .
Above all , life is more important than secrets .
Genetic risk carries its consequences and should not be taken lightly within the family circle .
After all , what affects one family may or may not affect another , even though the families share a common genetic makeup inherited from either of the parents .
In cases where an individual has learned of a genetic disorder , disclosing it or otherwise to his or her relative is solely a matter of preference within the individual 's moral system .
The issue of the right to know or not to know is highly debatable ; although it is a genetic risk , one can not be entirely sure because the genetic information could possibly come from the families of either parent—his maternal and paternal uncles , aunts , or cousins .
This also means that as soon as a person is made aware of his or her genetic profile , he or she concurrently has knowledge about others .
This knowledge may be relevant to them , and vice versa .
An example that may serve as an illustration is breast cancer .
The sentence is already correct .
Does one who suffers from this disease keep it a secret or inform their relatives ?
In retrospect , it is also one 's duty to ensure that he or she undergoes periodic health checks on their own .
Sometimes certain family structures and cultural beliefs can influence communication patterns .
Depending on whether the genetic risk was discovered from the son or daughter , for example , the parents who know about this would decide who gets told and who takes precedence in being allowed to tell .
For example , within a family , regardless of who first received genetic information , parents were seen as having the primary responsibility to pass on information to any offspring , including adult at-risk individuals .
In addition , a woman testing positive for BRCA1 would be expected to allow her brother or sister to disclose such information to a niece or nephew rather than do it herself , although this may be further complicated by an individual 's response to risk information as they may not want to know .
Hence , there were also tensions when participants felt that they could neither pass on information to relatives who needed to know ( such as nieces and nephews ) nor persuade those with authority ( the parents ) to do so .
The notion of authority also extended vertically .
For example , a grandmother may have more authority to pass on information than an aunt , even when the grandmother is not at genetic risk herself while the aunt is .
From a practitioner 's perspective , these findings are important because if lay constructs of the family and kinship are social constructs , they may not align with geneticists ' views of family relationships or about which blood ( or non-blood ) relatives should be informed and by whom . This is also likely to depend on the cultural and ethnic context .
Ultimately , one must bring attention to who may benefit from such information and assist those at risk in making considered decisions about disclosure .
Whose duty it is to inform at-risk relatives or not depends greatly on personal morals and the nature of how directly the risk affects them .
People who are closely related by blood generally carry some similar genes .
In this case , if one of the family members or close relatives is found to carry a genetic risk , it is better for the patient to tell their close relatives about the issue and let others know about the risk so that their family members are able to perform some daily exercises to prevent the potential disease or they may go to the hospital and check for the corresponding conditions .
In my opinion , although the annoyance of carrying a genetic risk involves the issue of personal privacy , it is necessary for the carrier to be obligated to inform his or her relatives about it so they can prevent the potential disease .
I largely agree with this statement .
Focus on the negative side of the announcement of genetic risk first .
Large numbers of patients with genetic risk would want to keep it a secret , as the genetic risk may indicate their high chance of carrying certain diseases .
Especially for young people who are unmarried , if they are known to have some genetic risk , there may be a certain chance that their child would carry the same disease , but this is not certain .
Therefore , keeping the information secret from his/her future spouse would help the relationship .
Secondly , announcing the potential risk could cause family members to be scared of this certain issue . Although the factor might not be that serious , people would still fear that they could develop a potential disease in the future , thus going to the hospital and undergoing additional checks or taking more medicine to prevent the disease . This creates unnecessary costs for the family .
Furthermore , the annoyance of genetic risk would affect the relationship with relatives , as sometimes others may avoid staying too close to the carrier to reduce their chance of contracting the potential disease .
On the other hand , if the genetic risk is kept a secret , although it may benefit the carrier to a certain extent and help preserve privacy , it has much larger negative impacts on the family members and relatives .
First , in the case of marriage , people should be honest and tell their spouse they may carry certain genetic risks that could affect their offspring .
It is better to let the other party know the facts before the baby is born and a certain type of genetic disease is found .
The sentence is already correct . It is better for both parties to be honest .
Secondly , genetic diseases have a close relationship with inherited genes along with daily habits .
For example , if a carrier is told that they have a risk of developing diabetes .
In this case , the carrier can eat fewer candies and chocolates to prevent consuming too much sugar , and at the same time , if the carrier tells this information to relatives , it will be useful for them to know that they may have diabetes in the future because of related genes , and they can perform the same practice to consume less sugar to prevent the disease .
Otherwise , if the other parties did not know , they may end up having diabetes in the future without any prevention .
In conclusion , we could say that the benefits of disclosing genetic risk to the carriers ' relatives outweigh the costs .
Therefore , it would be better for the carrier to be obligated to inform the relatives so that they can be aware and prevent the potential disease through daily exercise .
Among all the different diseases , many disorders are caused by genetic reasons .
Genetic disorders may or may not be inherited hereditary diseases , and it is sometimes hard to find out if one has these kinds of diseases .
It has long been discussed whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives that their disease is caused by a gene .
From a legal perspective , the answer is no , but from an ethical perspective , the answer should be yes .
We ca n't make a law to push carriers of known genetic risks to tell their relatives about their genetic problems .
It is immoral and impractical .
Firstly , what kinds of diseases a person has belongs to their privacy .
Privacy protection belongs to one 's human rights .
If a law requires someone to disclose others ' private information , especially when they are unwilling to do so .
It is against his or her human rights and it is against the spirit of the law .
The law 's spirit also includes fairness .
What is the basic difference between genetic disorders and other disorders ?
It is unfair to enact a law that only targets genetic disorders .
In addition , it is impractical to enact such a law .
A good law should be clear and easy to enforce .
However , there are many problems against the execution of asking a carrier to tell their relatives the cause of their diseases .
First , what is the range of the relatives ?
For example , does the carrier need to inform only their direct relatives , such as parents and siblings , or must they also inform more distant relatives , like their grandmother 's sister 's son 's daughter 's nephew ?
If you say you only need to tell direct relatives , it will be against the fairness of the law .
Other relatives may have the same likelihood of having this kind of disease .
How can a law made by the government exempt such a group of people from preparing to face their potential disease ?
However , from an ethical point of view .
To the carrier themselves , they should have a feeling of responsibility to tell their relatives about their genetic disorder .
By doing this , they may be able to save the lives of their relatives .
It is because a carrier with a bad gene may not necessarily have that genetic disease if they can maintain a corresponding healthy lifestyle before the age at which the gene 's function becomes stronger .
A typical example is genetically caused hypertension .
Hypertension can be caused by genetic problems that make it harder for the body to process fat and salt in the blood , which can lead to hypertension .
People usually get this kind of hypertension after they become adults .
However , if they already know they have a gene that may increase their likelihood of developing hypertension .
They can build a daily habit of eating less salt and fat to avoid hypertension .
In a nutshell , our society ca n't force genetic problem carriers to disclose their disease to their relatives , but they should be willing to tell their relatives about their genetic condition .
By doing so , fewer of his or her beloved ones will suffer from the genetic problem .
In the age of rapid technological advancement , many medical breakthroughs have been made possible .
Genetic testing is made possible and available for one 's decision to make about undergoing it .
It can detect illnesses or diseases and even a child 's parentage .
However , it will become a controversial issue as it presents a dilemma for carriers of known genetic risks when informing their relatives .
If knowledge of the genetic risk were shared within the family or with relatives , there might be a chance for them to have it in their blood , allowing them to take necessary precautions to prevent it .
If it is a terminal genetic disease , most relatives will be disheartened upon learning about it .
Therefore , some carriers may prefer to keep it a secret .
This essay will discuss whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should tell his or her relatives or not .
Some said that the genetic risk found in a person should be kept secret because it is considered personal information that should be kept confidential .
Most patients will be depressed after realizing their conditions .
If one has a genetic disease after the test , he or she might not wish to inform relatives , as doing so could dishearten the extended family .
Some may wish to keep it to themselves and hope to ensure they do not bring any pessimism into their family .
Furthermore , some will wish not to become a burden to anyone , as seeking medical attention is relatively costly .
Hence , some saw it as being considerate to keep the genetic risk of getting the disease confidential .
On the other hand , others may think that it would be considerate to tell the relatives because the latter would have a higher tendency of having the same genetic risk .
Hence , they will be able to seek help from medical specialists to find a cure or take measures to prevent the risk of getting the disease .
Nevertheless , it will depend on the kind of genetic disease , given the context of current medical technology .
For example , breast cancer is a genetic disease and can be cured if detected early .
Hence , with the knowledge of having a genetic risk , the relatives of those with this genetic disease will undergo a medical check-up , which might help them detect it at an earlier stage .
In conclusion , it would be considerate to inform the relatives of the risk of getting the same genetic disease .
Although there might be many challenges along the way in seeking medical attention , such as financial issues , everyone should have the right to know their family 's inherited medical conditions .
However , some think it might be better for those who are ignorant about it to continue leading happy lives .
In addition , some may think that even knowing about having a genetic risk of the disease will just add to their misery , as there is nothing they can do about it .
All in all , it depends on the individual and the nature of the disease , but the person should be obligated to inform relatives if there are possibilities of curing or preventing it .
Genetic testing is a personal decision , with the knowledge that there is a possibility that one could be a carrier or not .
Those who are born into a family with a history of genetic disease should be allowed to undergo genetic testing , even if there is no risk at all .
Early pre-examination is beneficial as it will dispel unnecessary doubts and positively influence the mindset of those affected .
For a genetic risk carrier , there should be a choice given regarding informing his or her relatives .
There should not be any forcing or obligation to do so , as it may negatively and drastically affect the emotions of the genetic risk carrier .
With regard to this choice , there must be some rules to regulate and ensure the exercise of personal freedom in decision-making .
If the genetic risk carrier is a minor or a child , then the decision to inform the relative should most likely be made with the consideration of the patient 's parents or legal guardian .
Such patients may still be emotionally volatile or unaware of the consequences of such a genetic disorder due to their young age .
Furthermore , the act of informing others without the consent of their parents or the patients themselves could harm the psychological state of the affected family .
Thus , much thought needs to be put into the immediate family , as it could cause a stir of unwanted events from the patient or the family members themselves .
Some families may feel hurt , with regard to their family pride or reputation , upon learning of such a genetic disorder running in their family .
However , there is a role and a sense of responsibility to inform one 's relatives since it is a genetic disorder .
There is a possibility that the genetic disorder could also affect their relatives and other families within the same family tree .
The importance of informing relatives about such genetic diseases is vital , as it may help raise awareness and prevent the genetic disorder .
Also , this known information will help their relatives make informed decisions and similarly undergo genetic testing to find out about the outcome .
Thus , having the knowledge that such a genetic disorder is benign would be beneficial to their emotional thoughts .
And if the results turn out to be otherwise , then the family can be prepared emotionally and psychologically for the future outcome and aided in making upcoming decisions .
In addition , the genetic risk carrier would be showered with moral and emotional support from their relatives if it were made known to them .
Having support from relatives is vital as it ensures the genetic risk carrier that he or she is not alone in facing this illness , and it will certainly provide a morale boost , as the whole family will share a common sentiment regarding the future prospect of the genetic disorder , which could be inherited by anyone in the family .
Therefore , the decision to inform relatives of such a genetic disorder will depend on the situation and background of the affected family , with the freedom of choice given to them in deciding whether to inform others .
A person with a disorder , regardless of whether it is mental or physical , is always easily noticed by his or her family .
When it comes to genetic issues , it is not that simple anymore .
Genetic disorder inheritance occurs generation by generation , but not all of the offspring show the relevant symptoms .
Sometimes a family at risk of a potential genetic disorder may not be able to detect the harm within their bodies , as none of their members show any observable symptoms of the disorder .
As a result , in the event that one of the members happens to feel uncomfortable or abnormal , he or she should be aware of whether the disorder in his or her body is a genetic risk or not .
Afterward , the carrier will face a serious ethical issue : whether to reveal the problem to his or her relatives .
If a child shows symptoms of the disorder , the medics will surely inform the parents , and the whole family will stay alert to their bodies ' condition .
On the contrary , if the carrier is an adult , who has the choice to decide whether to inform his or her relatives about the risk , the situation will be more complex .
One might think that if the carrier is a caring person who loves their family more than themselves , there is no doubt they will tell their family about the issue .
That is true , and of course , it is the obligation of a family member to protect and take care of the family .
Think of the other way : if a child in the family knows they have the risk of being a genetic carrier , and that risk might also be passed on to their children in the future , their whole life will be in a dilemma .
And of course , they will think about not having any children after getting married , and the same thought applies to their cousins as well .
As a result , the family line ends when the adult carrier reveals their condition .
In China , the older generation with a traditional cultural background always thinks of having more children and grandchildren to make the family livelier and stronger .
The reason is that after World War II , the population of China decreased dramatically , so the government encouraged people to have more children .
During that period , if one of the family members reflects genetic disorder symptoms , he will face an ethical dilemma for sure .
The medical technology during that time was not advanced enough to completely cure him .
He has to choose whether to protect his family or make his family more prosperous with a potential genetic risk .
And so , he would have chosen not to undergo genetic disorder testing and let the truth remain hidden forever .
This kind of ethical issue can not be judged by others because they will not understand the position and duty of the bearer in the family .
In conclusion , people should think carefully about the consequences of telling their relatives about their genetic disorder .
It is an obligation for a carrier to inform their relatives , but also an obligation for a family member to liven up the family .
Regardless , even if the disorder is rarely fatal or does not cause any inconvenience to the carrier , revealing the truth is always the right thing to do .
In my opinion , the carrier should tell their relatives about it .
One of the reasons is that as a carrier , they need mental support to get through this situation .
It will be hard for an individual to deal with the issue on their own .
By telling their family instead of just being a support , they could possibly help her find alternative solutions to the problem she is facing right now .
Other than that , I believe that the strong bond we have with our family is the biggest pillar of support to the career .
Furthermore , as it is a genetic problem , it would be better for the carrier to inform their family as other family members might experience the same thing .
By ensuring they are aware of this genetic issue , they could undergo a full check-up and potentially even prevent it from affecting them .
I find it important to inform , especially if it is contagious , so the carrier can prevent the disease from spreading to society .
For every action , there are always pros and cons .
I believe that some carriers will choose not to reveal their disease to family members because they do not want to make them worry , feel uncomfortable , or even be ostracized .
Furthermore , as it could incur spending a lot of money on the treatment , the carrier might not want to be a burden to her family .
I could understand the carrier 's feeling .
She or he does not want to be the source of unhappiness in the family .
However , we will never know whether these negative effects will happen when the carrier decides to tell his or her family of their condition .
In conclusion , I feel that it is better for the carrier to inform their family members about the issue .
The carrier should be honest about their feelings , and I believe family members have the right to know what is happening in their loved one 's life .
If anything happened to the carrier 's life , not informing the family members could leave them with deep regret if she passed away without their knowledge .
On top of that , it 's better to think about solutions to her problem with family members , as more heads are better than one rather than struggling alone .
In the end , I believe that the support in terms of mental or even monetary assistance from your family could help the carrier fight the genetic disease .
True enough that there are many cancer patients who were given a second chance to live as normal people , as they have strong mental support from their loved ones .
In my opinion , as long as we keep our minds healthy and strong , we can fight any disease that comes to us when we are fragile and weak .
As the technology has been advancing , it has reached a stage whereby the advancement triggers some ethical dilemmas in relation to the actual use of the technology .
Genetic testing has made it possible to easily determine if someone is a carrier of a known genetic risk .
If used for a good purpose , it can prevent unnecessary unhappiness ; however , it could also make the situation worse by revealing who the carrier is in the family .
The question given is whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell their relatives , and I think the carrier should not be obligated to do so because I believe they have the right not to know .
First , genetic testing is not compulsory .
Of course , some people may do it to make their futures slightly happier ; however , the carrier , before the test , can choose not to take it and simply live with the unknowns and accept the facts .
If he chooses to live with the uncertainty that the gene holds and is willing to accept it , he could do that , and it has been something that was " normal " for everyone in the past since genetic testing was not possible .
This way might be better for him or her .
Some people might say that it is a form of prevention of giving birth to disabled lives and making them suffer in real-life .
I personally think this ist he right purpose of going through the genetic testing , so that a family who can not afford to have a disabled kid do not have to give birth to their child and make the entire family suffer .
However , I believe that the carrier has the right not to obligate themselves to tell anyone but has the responsibility to take action to prevent any ethical dilemma .
If the result turned out to be something the carrier could not accept , then it would have been better not to know the truth .
I believe that even the carrier has the right not to know the true facts .
After realizing that he or she is the carrier , the emotional damage would be hard to bear .
It could possibly cause a problem in a family and create more unhappiness in the family .
Overall , I believe that it entirely depends on the carrier to share the hard facts and face the relatives with them , but he has no obligation to tell them yet .
In fact , I strongly believe that the carrier should weigh both the positive and negative consequences of taking the genetic test and take appropriate action based on the results .
The emotional depression that the carrier might experience and the sense of guilt can be more than expected and could burden the mind for the rest of their life .
On the other hand , without knowing about any genetic disorder and accepting the fact , the family will stay positive and work together to overcome the disability .
I think the family will stay mentally healthy as it is , without having emotional stress .
Debates have been around for years about whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to inform his or her relatives .
Any individual at risk for a disorder has the right to undergo genetic testing , but whether the results should be disclosed to others , especially close family or relatives , is a topic worth discussing .
This is an issue that needs to be addressed as a family-related ethical dilemma is involved .
In this essay , a few arguments will be pointed out in support of the view that any carrier of a known genetic risk should tell his or her relatives .
When we were born , we were surrounded by our family and relatives , who welcomed us to this new world .
We were crying hard , but we were n't alone—it was our family and relatives who raised us .
Hence , they should be the people we are grateful for and the people with whom we would like to share the joy .
However , in cases pertaining to any health issue or to the extent of a serious disorder , it may seem pointless to share , but this involves more than just sharing bad news .
One definitely has the right to disclose their health issues to anyone , but it 's also their responsibility to inform the family and close relatives .
As the case of health issues is related to genetic risk , with a focus on " genetic , " which highlights the risk of passing down the disorder to the next generation .
Therefore , I would agree that it 's obligatory for a carrier of a known genetic risk to inform his or her relatives to avoid any family-related ethical dilemmas that could arise in the future .
Despite one might argue that it 's still up to the individual to disclose such a health issue or to bear it within themselves , it 's certainly helpful to share with close relatives for a proper discussion of solutions .
By doing so , one will feel less stressed when facing such a risk of disorder .
Relatives will certainly be supportive and show more care toward the carrier of a known genetic risk .
By informing them , the carrier is never alone in fighting the risk of such a disorder .
On top of that , since the genetic risk may be passed down to the next generation , it will involve more than just one family .
It is therefore that I would agree with the obligation to inform the relatives of both parties when one is about to get married and has a plan for having children .
This would avoid the rise of more family-related ethical dilemmas .
Several intangible advantages could support the position of informing relatives once the test results are known .
In conclusion , to avoid family-related ethical dilemmas , it is best for any carrier of a known genetic risk to inform their relatives .
The benefits of doing so are able to outweigh the disadvantages .
More support must be provided through different means to give better direction when one is at such a junction , deciding whether to inform their relatives .
The decision to undergo genetic testing can be made only by the individual at risk for a disorder .
This is a common law in society .
However , it leads to a new problem : should a carrier of a known genetic risk be obligated to tell his or her relatives ?
This issue has been discussed for a long time .
However , there is still a diversity of points of view among the people .
Thus , we are going to identify the advantages and disadvantages of the issue : " should or should not . "
Firstly , I believe most of us will agree with the sentence below : " I would be anxious about my family when I was told that I was a carrier of a known genetic risk . "
Frequently , carriers do not want to tell their families their intention , which is to continue their own lives without the anxiety of their families .
It is obvious that it is better for one person to be worried than for many .
However , many of the carriers are not strong enough to overcome the challenges on their own .
With the families ' support , there must be more energy to fight against the demon .
Defeating a demon is not easy and requires much energy and psychological support .
Families give you the courage and support that you can not find by yourself .
That is one of the most essential elements to overcome the challenges .
Besides that , the risk of the known genetic condition is so serious that it can not be described .
The seriousness can exceed our imagination .
Lying in bed for the rest of one 's life , or even dying immediately—these are consequences we can not imagine .
Family is our dearest in life .
Without their concern and support , it would have been hard for us to stay until this time .
They play an important role in our lives which can not be substituted .
A known genetic risk can also critically affect our next generation .
Therefore , it is our responsibility to inform the relatives to prevent undesired consequences .
Generally , the clinic or hospital will not tell the carrier 's family without the carrier 's agreement .
It is the ethical duty of hospital staff to maintain the confidentiality of all patients .
We can not blame them for being liable to the undesired consequences .
However , the hospital can provide a counselor to advise the carrier about the actions that can be taken .
Therefore , this kind of circumstance will not happen again .
It is a method that benefits two parties , creating a win-win situation .
In conclusion , carriers of known genetic risks are encouraged to tell their relatives about the known genetic risks .
However , there may be some special cases that are hard to define .
Thus , advice from the hospital plays an important role in this .
Carrier is responsible for balancing his or her own interests with the benefits of family and even society .
It is a hard decision to make , but with the most appropriate approach , it will create great opportunities for the career and families in the future .
With the risk of having a genetic disorder , many individuals have made the decision to undergo genetic testing .
With the nature that the results will be known once the tests are completed , each individual diagnosed as a genetic risk carrier faces an ethical problem : They should warn their relatives about the risk of being the same genetic risk carrier .
Or they can choose to remain silent until the next carrier is diagnosed .
From my point of view , a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives , for the following reasons .
First of all , from the perspective of human rights , a genetic risk carrier should not be obligated to tell the truth to others .
This diagnosis can be considered a form of privacy for carriers .
They may not want this truth to influence their lives or may want to keep it a secret and prevent others from knowing about it .
This is reasonable since the exposure of the truth of being a carrier may lead to discrimination or sympathy from others , which are not positive factors in their life .
Secondly , the relatives of the carrier can also choose to do genetic testing regardless of the diagnosis of the carrier .
When people want to check whether they are genetic risk carriers , they can consult a doctor about it .
If they do not want to think too much about it and view it as a trouble , they may simply ignore the possibility .
However , if a diagnosed carrier is obligated to tell his or her relatives , the relatives will be forced to know their higher chance of being genetic risk carriers .
This aligns with their own willingness , as they have to accept the truth , which may make their subsequent life miserable .
Many people argue that setting the obligation may help more people , who are relatives of the carriers , save their lives with a greater opportunity for early diagnosis .
However , this is not exactly true when other factors , including psychological and social influences , are taken into consideration .
If such a relative is told they may have a higher risk of getting sick , they may become scared about the unknown , their partners , spouse , or colleagues may choose to leave , and many other situations may arise that could ruin the relative 's life .
On the other side , as stated above , a person who wants to confirm and has prepared to face the result can choose to do the genetic testing individually .
In a nutshell , a carrier of a known genetic risk should have the right to decide whether to tell their relatives or not .
This should be accepted from the perspective of human rights , the freedom to accept relatives , as well as many other social reasons .
Otherwise , making it an obligation will restrict the choice of carriers and bring a lot of confusion to their relatives .
Knowing that one is a carrier of a genetic disorder causes more dilemma than having the disorder itself .
I agree that a carrier of a known genetic risk is obligated to tell their relatives .
There are four reasons why people shouldn ’ t be shy about sharing their problems regarding genetic disorders .
First , the carrier and their family can take precautions—physically by taking actions to reduce the chance of it being inherited by offspring , and mentally if the actions fail to prevent it from being inherited .
Many syndromes such as Down syndrome and Tay-Sachs syndrome can be prevented from occurring if the mother undergoes proper medical care and avoids consuming harmful substances during pregnancy .
This information may not be known to the mother if she does n't tell her relatives about her condition .
The more people ( relatives ) who know about her problem , the more information channels are provided .
If all efforts have been made but the children still suffer from the syndrome , the family has to accept this fact and do whatever they can to provide a good environment for their children 's growth .
This is not the parents ' fault because there are still chances of the gene being inherited .
So , they also have to prepare mentally .
Secondly , genetic diseases cost a lot for treatment and medication .
Albinism is an example .
People with albinism have sensitive skin that needs regular treatment .
Unlike people with a high proportion of skin pigment , people with albinism are prone to sunburn and other skin diseases .
If they do n't take care of their body well , such as by wearing sunglasses or sunscreen outdoors , the chances are high that they will develop skin problems that may also lead to cancer .
Once you have cancer , the medication costs are very high .
To prevent the bigger problem from happening , it takes a lot of effort to take care of your body .
If the carrier does n't tell their relatives , it may be too late to get their support and prepare financially .
Thirdly , some diseases are not noticeable and may lead to serious health issues .
One of the diseases is sickle cell disease .
Usually , people are not aware that they carry the sickle cell gene , and this may lead to circulatory problems such as blood blockages .
If the parents know that one of them is a carrier and disclose this information to their relatives , they can bring their children to undergo genetic testing and need not be shy about it , as it is for the sake of their children 's health .
Fourthly , it is important for parents to give their children with genetic disorders a mental boost .
When their children become teenagers , many social problems may arise .
People and friends often mock your conditions .
A strong mental condition and conviction must be built from within and from those closest to us .
Who else but their family would be willing to do that ?
It is not a heavy burden for the family if they have prepared themselves mentally by disclosing the probability that their children may suffer from the genetic disorder .
In this modern world , technologies have improved a lot compared with those of the last century .
Particularly in the medical field , there has been great improvement in many treatments for previously incurable diseases , and genetic testing is one of the methods used to diagnose an individual at risk for a genetic disorder .
The medical authorities claimed that only individuals at risk for a genetic disorder can make the decision to undergo genetic testing .
However , once a test has been conducted and the results are known , a family-related ethical dilemma arises .
The question is whether carriers of a known genetic risk should tell their relatives .
In my opinion , carriers of a known genetic risk should inform their relatives about it .
This is because their relatives have the right to know about this .
As many people realize , a genetic disorder can be related to the carrier 's relatives . That is , if one family member is at risk for a genetic disorder , other family members may have an almost equal risk of having it , so this problem should be taken seriously by the family .
Every family member has the human right to know what is going on with them .
If they do not even know they are at risk for a genetic disorder , how can this explain their rights ?
For instance , John is informed by his doctor that he is at risk for a genetic disorder , but he does not tell his sibling , James , about this .
Although telling James about this is horrible to some extent , he should know what is likely to be going on for him .
This could be beneficial for his future if he is aware of the risks of having this disorder .
The next point is that telling relatives can raise their awareness of having a similar genetic disorder , preventing certain genetic disorders from affecting them .
Genetic disorders are innate , but significant improvements in medical treatment make it possible for humans to prevent them or reduce their negative effects .
In addition , doctors usually quote the statement , " Prevention is better than cure " ; this gives us the idea that preventing a disorder from happening has far more advantages than curing it .
Awareness of having a genetic disorder may help in diagnosing it in a person , and thus , prevention of the disorder may become possible .
For example , hypertension is partly due to genetic factors , but environmental factors also play an important role .
People who are aware of having such a disorder can prevent it from happening by adopting a healthy lifestyle , including a balanced diet and at least 30 minutes of exercise every day .
To sum up , carriers of known genetic risks should be obligated to tell their relatives .
This is their human right to know about that , and it may also save their lives by preventing the disorder from happening .
Together with the advancement of technology over the past decades , medical advancements have increased exponentially , and further enhancements are still being made . Empowered with advanced medical knowledge , doctors are able to diagnose and conduct genetic testing for patients to help them prevent diseases and take necessary steps to protect their lives . However , once a test has been conducted and the results are known , the question of disclosing the results to the patient 's relatives becomes a challenging issue for both the patient and the doctor . In my opinion , I strongly support the obligation to inform patients ' relatives .
As it is a genetic risk , the patient 's next of kin might have a high chance of carrying the risk ; hence , the need to inform their relatives is important so that necessary preventive actions can be taken before unforeseen circumstances occur . For example , if you are the only child in a family and , unfortunately , you are suffering from a genetic disease , the genetic trait might be passed on to your next generation if you have a child . Thus , by making your family members aware of the situation , it would lessen family stress and suffering from pressuring you to settle down and have children . However , social ethical issues like discrimination and privacy are the biggest concerns and potential barriers to compelling patients or doctors to disclose information to patients ' relatives . This challenges the principles of confidentiality and privacy . Currently , under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ( HIPAA ) in the United States , there is no legal obligation to disclose information to relatives ; it is up to the patient 's wish to disclose to their family members . Early disclosure to family members brings positive reactions and prevention , as in the case of Angelina Jolie , who chose to disclose her information and underwent treatment to reduce her risk of breast cancer significantly to under five percent . I still recall her reason for sharing her own story was that she did not want to live under the shadow of cancer .
However , there are still people against the decision to reveal private information . As in the case of Alzheimer 's patients , it is up to the patient 's own choice to disclose information . However , research has shown that doctors have tried to interpret to whom , how , and when Alzheimer 's disease should be disclosed to minimize potential negative impacts on family members ( DementiaToday , 2012 ) . There are associations that provide help to Alzheimer 's patients , such as the Alzheimer 's Association ( Alzheimer 's Association , 1980 ) . Although there are still thousands of genetic risk diseases that may not be receiving all the help and support from everyone , the need for immediate understanding and support from family members is the utmost help that patients need in their difficult time .
In conclusion , the state should have passed a legal bill to measure and provide information to doctors regarding the extent to which a doctor should opt to reveal genetic disease details to relatives and in which situations it should be left to the patient 's decision . Additionally , the state could encourage the creation of assistance schemes to provide necessary help to needy patients , encouraging them to open up for their own benefit and that of their family members . Although it may face challenges from social and ethical issues , in the long term , with appropriate encouragement and aid from the government , more individuals would adopt a different perspective on acceptance and take appropriate measures to protect their own health and that of their loved ones .
Nowadays , the study of genetics has advanced further and further due to rapid technological progress .
Not long ago , the human genome project sponsored by several large multinational corporations ( MNCs ) was started .
In comparison , in the field of genetic testing—which enables people to be aware of the risk of a possible genetic disorder—since the technology is already very mature , an even more popular topic has arisen .
While most people agree that each individual has the right to decide whether to undergo a genetic test or not , they hold different views on whether it is the patient 's responsibility or freedom to share the results with their relatives .
In my opinion , patients who are carriers of some known genetic risk are supposed to share the truth with their family members .
Admittedly , it is a social obligation to be responsible for the lives of other people .
For the whole of society , it is a duty .
Take H1N1 as an example : all people in Singapore , including students at school , travelers at Changi Airport , workers in offices , and passengers on the street , are required by law to take their temperature and report the results to the relevant government authority .
For those family members who care about them , it is also a moral obligation .
How can they not tell their loved ones who they really are and put their loved ones in danger ?
The basis of a family is that everyone trusts and loves each other without doubt .
Without trust and love , there is no difference between a family and a group of strangers living together .
Hence , it is essential to inform their family members about the risk of their genetic disorder both as a social responsibility and as a means to preserve the family 's well-being .
Moreover , telling their family members the truth is the fastest and easiest way to gain their support .
Without the support of loved ones , a patient 's life is no better than death .
Family members , as one of the closest groups of people from whom they can get comfort , are a crucial factor in helping them successfully overcome any possible troubles resulting from genetic disorders .
A 2010 study by New York University showed that patients with family members around generally recover 2-4 days faster than those cared for by professional nurses .
Even for patients with terminal diseases , survival duration is 30 % longer due to family support .
Some people may say that telling the truth may raise some unnecessary doubts and panic , which could endanger family harmony .
While every family needs to go through some kind of troublesome situation , the more troubles a family has gone through together , the greater the bond established between its members , as well as the greater amount of trust , love , and understanding .
Hence , for a family in which every member truly believes in and loves each other , all these troubles are just testaments to making them stronger .
Just as in Kelly Clarkson 's lyrics , what does n't kill you makes you stronger .
In Asian societies where genetic testing is not a common practice , I do think it is the patient 's choice whether to tell their relatives about their disease .
The courage to take genetic testing and yet inform their relatives about the risk they may have can result in people being judgmental , even though it is just a risk and not a confirmed case .
Furthermore , since it is the person 's gene that is affected , they have the right to determine with whom they want to share the information .
Nevertheless , while I feel that a carrier should not be obligated to tell their relatives about the genetic risk , I would like to suggest that the person at least share the information with their potential partner ( husband or wife ) , since the individual 's genetic risk may affect their future children .
Many people in our society are not well informed about genetic diseases , and many of them will most likely judge or at least differentiate those who have them since they feel that the patients are abnormal or " weird . "
This is because many associate genetic diseases with conditions such as Bubble Boy disease , autism , or Down syndrome .
In those diseases , many affected individuals actually have different physical characteristics compared to those without the genetic conditions .
While we do know that we should not discriminate against them based on their limitations , many people still do it with or without realizing it .
In this particular case , we are discussing whether a person should tell their relatives about their having a risk of a particular genetic disease .
It is normal for people to demand fair and equal treatment as others , and therefore it is normal for them to keep some of their secrets or personal issues to themselves in case others judge or treat them differently . Many people love to hear what they want to hear and may ignore the word " risk , " assuming the person has suffered from the disease .
To prevent that from happening , I do feel that it is up to the person whether to share the information with their family , since their family may either be paranoid or judge them and act differently .
Especially when it 's just a risk , the choice is entirely his since he is n't actually suffering .
There may be some people who say it is necessary to tell family members about the risk since some of them may be affected . While I do think this view has a point , how much you can trust your family regarding this issue may also be a consideration .
Maybe we can trust our immediate family members , but can we really trust all the other relatives ?
Furthermore , since genetic risk or genetic disease is a very personal matter , it is up to the person to decide whether to tell relatives about it .
However , as I said earlier , it is better for a person to at least inform their future partner about the potential risk , since their genetic risk may affect their children later .
This information needs to be acknowledged by the other party at the very least before they decide to get married and have children .
There may be cases where both the husband and wife are carriers , and therefore they should not have children since their child might not survive even after birth .
Or , in a less extreme case , the child may have a disability .
This piece of information plays a role in family planning matters ; therefore , although no one is obliged to disclose their genetic risk to anyone , it should be encouraged to share it with their future partner .
In conclusion , whether the carrier wants to tell his relatives about his genetic risk or not , the choice is his because it is his own gene and he has full rights to it .
He may have different considerations besides judging people or causing his family unnecessary worry when deciding whether to tell his relatives . No matter what choice he makes , we need to respect it and have no right to say he must tell them .
We all know that life is priceless , and we have no right to judge a person 's death .
With improvements in technology , a new life with genetic risks can be detected .
Genetic refers to the chance of inheriting a disorder or disease .
Therefore , an entirely new dilemma is born : should a carrier of a known genetic risk be obligated to tell their relatives ?
This essay will discuss the reasons why relatives are obligated to be informed if their children have a genetic risk .
One of the reasons the parents should be informed is that they have to decide whether they are capable of raising a child with a genetic risk .
The child with a genetic risk may not have the ability to work , to build a family with others , and is often not accepted by the majority .
They may not able to enjoy a normal people can enjoy .
This competitive world is cruel to those who are not able to survive .
Parents and relatives have to work longer than expected and endlessly to support their child if he or she is unable to do so independently .
The situation may become worse if the child has diseases like cancer or heart disease , which means that parents have another heavy burden named medication fees .
Not only the child but also the entire family will suffer .
It is still early for parents to decide whether they can foster a new life that may be unable to work and may suffer pain for their entire life .
The other reason parents should know if their baby is a carrier of genetic risk is for the nation 's good .
There are always newspaper reports that a newborn baby has been abandoned at a hospital after they realized the baby has diseases that require a huge amount of money to treat .
Countries like Singapore are short of manpower to contribute to the nation .
However , every year the government has to spend a lot to help the disabled , such as providing medical subsidies and building special schools to educate them .
Without increasing the number of disabled people in a nation , the government is able to concentrate on developing other areas such as military and education .
As citizens of a nation , people have the responsibility to support their country in many ways .
Moreover , in the world we live in today , many miscarriages occur in hospitals every day .
It is easier for people to accept it on moral grounds .
Therefore , I believe parents have the right to know the health of their child .
Many people may support the theory that everyone has the right to enjoy the world , especially people with religions .
However , the problem is : will people really enjoy their lives if they have to stay in the hospital every day with all the needles and endless pain ?
Parents know what is best for their children , thus they will make the right decision after they have been informed .
Also , human beings should improve the medical field in order to prevent the tragedy from happening .
I think carriers of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell their relatives .
Genetic testing is a personal choice .
One should have full control of their information , and it is their right to decide whether to disclose it to someone else .
As far as I am concerned , when a couple are going to have a baby , they will run some tests to see whether they could have some genetic diseases .
The results are disclosed to husbands and wives .
This is not the case I am referring to here .
The most obvious reason for those arguing this opinion is that the relatives of the carrier are at high risk of carrying these diseases .
They have the right to know if they are at risk .
Also , telling them the result can significantly reduce the cost of multiple tests .
They can also take immediate measures to reduce the likelihood of contracting this disease .
If a person has disease C , which might be a result of gene A .
He runs a test and knows that he has the gene AA .
This means both of his parents have gene A and are both at high risk of having disease C. They could save the cost of running two separate tests to see whether they are at high risk of having disease C. If he runs a test and finds out that he has the gene Aa .
This means one of his parents has gene A , and one cost of testing could be saved .
His relatives can then take measures , if this disease can somehow be prevented , to stop it from taking their lives .
However , this can also be a personal choice .
One can choose to tell one 's relatives if one is at risk .
Most people care about their relatives ; if there is no serious consequence to telling them so , I assume most would tell their relatives to be careful .
One might also choose to hint at or encourage certain relatives to take a genetic test if they are concerned about negative consequences that arise when disclosing their genetic results .
There may be negative consequences that those individuals might face if they disclose their genetic results to their relatives .
If a person is obliged to tell their relatives , they might be discriminated against by those who do not carry this gene .
He or she might even be advised not to get married or have children .
For example , if an unmarried person has gene Aa and gene aa is sufficient for a very serious disease .
After he takes the test and is obliged to tell his relatives , everyone knows that he is a carrier .
So all the married couples go run a test and find out they are not carriers . They might subconsciously see him as different and worry that he will find a wife who carries this gene as well .
Third , it is difficult to define relatives .
If a gene runs in the family and one of the family members tests positive , whom does he need to tell ?
If that 's a big family , is he obliged to tell everyone ?
Spouses usually have very close relationships ; if person A tells his family that he has this gene , his uncle C finds out and tells his wife D that he needs to run a test because his cousin has this disease .
However , wife D is not even at risk of having this disease .
Then Wife D might tell her mother , who likes to gossip on her way to the theater .
In less than a week , half of the town knows Person A has a risky gene , and his family might be a genetically risky family .
Then nobody wants to marry A or his relatives .
This is a potential consequence if one does not have full control of their information , especially when the party to whom they are obliged to disclose it is a potentially large group , such as relatives .
In conclusion , carriers of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell their relatives .
Carriers of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell their relatives .
Nowadays , people pursue not only the comfort of their own lives but also better development for their future generations .
Since the technology of modern society has advanced so much , it has become possible for people to decide to take genetic tests to determine whether they carry genetic risks that could affect their next generation .
The debatable question , an ethical dilemma , is whether people are responsible for telling their relatives that they carry a known genetic risk .
In my opinion , the responsibility of telling family and relatives about it is quite obvious .
The sentence is already correct .
The first one is the importance of being responsible for your self-wellness and the health of your relatives , and the second one is being responsible for the next generations .
The awareness of your relatives and family about your genetic risk is good for your well-being and the health of your relatives .
If you are carrying that genetic risk , there is a high possibility that your relatives , such as your parents or siblings , are carrying the same genetic risk as well .
The genetic risk you carry may or may not affect your health and put you at risk .
If you have n't undergone genetic testing , it 's just a matter of chance and fate what will happen to both you and your relatives .
However , if you have undergone testing and know that you are a carrier , you are responsible for your whole family .
Even though you can not eliminate the risk completely , you can at least try to be alert to avoid getting the disease .
For those in your family who are more likely to be affected , they can go to the hospital for regular check-ups .
Therefore , it is your responsibility to tell families and relatives to prepare for fighting the disease and even prevent themselves from getting it .
Furthermore , you are also responsible for future generations by telling the truth that you are a carrier of a genetic risk .
If your wife is not aware of the truth and gives birth to the baby , it will be possible for your child to carry the same genetic risk as well .
As a parent , you are responsible to future generations , since you allow genetic risks to pass from generation to generation while being aware of it .
However , if you tell the truth to your wife and relatives , you give them a choice about whether to have a child or not .
And if you still decide to have the baby , since technology has developed so advancedly , it might be possible in the future that gene-altering applications are perfected and widely used , allowing you to give your baby a brighter future .
The responsibility comes with being a parent .
And in my opinion , this seems to be the main purpose of undergoing that genetic testing in the first place .
As a conclusion , once you have undergone genetic testing and become aware of carrying a specific genetic risk , you have responsibilities to your relatives , yourself , and future generations by telling your relatives and family the truth .
To tell or not to tell ?
Consider a case where we decide to undergo genetic testing and learn the result .
We found that we actually carry the genetic risk .
Then it becomes a question of whether we need to tell our relatives , who may also carry this genetic risk .
There are really many things we need to consider .
Every choice we make may have a huge impact on their whole life .
What should we do as a result ?
Should we tell them or keep this secret until we die ?
Many people feel we should tell our relatives since we care about their health .
For example , diabetes can be a genetic disease .
Once we found out we were carrying this genetic risk , it was better for us to tell our family members because they might carry it as well .
If we tell them , they may start paying more attention to their daily habits , such as eating less sugar-containing food and maintaining a good mood .
It is important for those young people .
The earlier we tell them , the better habit they will develop and the better it will be for the rest of their lives .
What 's more , they may undergo genetic testing as well to see whether they are carrying it , which is also better for them .
However , some people may argue why we want to interfere with their lives .
Sometimes it becomes extremely difficult for them to accept this news , especially if they learn that they or their descendants may have a severe , untreatable disease like a blood disorder .
Imagine you are living like a normal person , but suddenly one day your relative comes and tells you that there are actually some possibilities you may encounter a disease in the future . What kind of feeling would you have ?
It might affect our daily lives , and we may think about it every day .
We become so anxious that we can not focus on anything .
At the same time , there may also be cases where the genetic test result is incorrect , meaning they are actually wasting their lives worrying about it , so we are actually causing them trouble .
Personally , I feel that we should still take responsibility to tell them about the situation .
Since this will really affect their lives , what we should do is try to make it positive .
We can not let it go .
We should recognize that although we may influence their lives , we can still allow them to make their own choices in the future .
They will only start paying attention to their health after we tell them .
They will consider whether to give a birth to a new baby because of this genetic problem and they will start finding ways to try to avoid their baby to carry this genetic risk as well .
They always have a choice about whether to undergo the genetic test .
Perhaps after we tell them , they 'll be interested and learn more about themselves .
I know it will have a huge impact on them , but we must remember that they are our loved ones , so we need to tell them and help them .
A genetic risk carrier should be obligated to disclose .
Genetic testing will be conducted when an individual is at risk of a possible disease .
Once the test is done , whether the results should be open to his or her relatives has caused extensive social controversy .
Some say it is a kind of invasion of privacy for the user and should be protected .
They have the right not to tell anyone .
However , in my opinion , it is the obligation of a carrier of a known genetic risk to inform their relatives about their situation .
This essay will illustrate two aspects .
First of all , it can serve as an alert for the patient 's family members and make them aware of the possible disease they may also have .
As we all know , genetic risk carriers are likely to pass the genetic traits to their family members .
Once one person in the family is found to be carrying a risky gene , other members of his or her family may also be at risk of the disease .
Some diseases may not show symptoms until the carrier is old enough .
Telling the relatives about the situation may avoid a lot of trouble and save much time for proper treatment .
Sometimes lives may even be saved if people are told early and receive timely treatment .
For the consideration of the other family members , the relatives should be informed .
Secondly , it can prevent genetic diseases from being passed to the next generation when they intend to have children .
They should let their spouse know about their situation before marriage .
They should ask for a doctor 's advice before planning to have a baby .
Some genetic genes are passed only to boys rather than girls , while others are the opposite .
If the carrier refuses to tell the truth to his or her spouse , another life may be at risk of inheriting the genetic disease .
I read a true story in the newspaper years ago .
A couple in China has a 5-year-old son .
Their son unfortunately fell ill and was diagnosed with a kind of genetic disease that is very serious .
They were told that the wife 's family was carrying the polygenetic disorder and can pass only to boys rather than girls .
Their son therefore inherited the genetic disease .
However , the wife had actually already known about the polygenic disorder before the marriage and did not tell her husband .
The son died after one year of treatment , and the couple divorced later .
If the wife had not hidden the truth and had asked for the doctor 's advice before they had a baby , the tragedy would not have happened .
In a nutshell , carriers of a known genetic risk have the responsibility to tell their relatives .
On the one hand , it can inform members of the carrier 's family about possible diseases they may have and allow for timely treatment if possible .
On the other hand , it may pass the disease to the next generation if the carrier conceals the truth .
Nowadays , with the advancement of technology , it is easy to do genetic testing .
We can not deny that genetic testing really helps people a lot when they face disorders .
However , I thought that genetic information is a person 's private data , which should be protected by law .
Therefore , I thought a known genetic risk should not obligate someone to tell his or her family or relatives .
Here are the three reasons as follows .
Firstly , the information concerning genetics is personal and also considered private , like people 's bank card PINs .
Other people should not be told without the person 's permission , even if they are his or her family or relatives .
The government should pass laws to protect this kind of privacy .
Once people 's genetic information is shared with others .
They may naturally know about the person 's potential disabilities or other negative conditions .
They may set a bias against this person , even abandoning him or her .
People do not have the ability to choose their gene , they should not be thought badly because of bad gene .
So I think regardless of the genetics or whether the genes match their parents ' , this information should not be told to anyone , even their family or relatives .
Secondly , the carrier of a known genetic risk may destroy the peace of a family or even break the relationship between children and adults .
Once their family or relatives know that the person no longer has a relationship with them .
However happy they were before , some barrier would appear that would truly destroy the family gradually .
The relationship between parents and their children should not be assessed only in genetic terms ; it is something much deeper and stronger .
The parents give knowledge and love to their children , meanwhile they feel happy with the company of their children .
The children rely on the parent to live .
When they grow up , they take care of their elderly parents and thank them for their dedication .
The relationship between parents and children is about love and dedication .
Not everyone wants to see the scene of a broken family due to the inheritance of a known genetic risk .
Therefore , I think a person with a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives without that person 's permission .
Finally , the technology for testing genes is not very mature yet .
There is also some probability of incorrect testing .
If the doctor fails to detect the condition , the family and the children may face a difficult life and feel sad for their entire lives .
Therefore , I think a known genetic risk should not obligate someone to tell their family or relatives .
Therefore , considering people 's privacy and the possibility of incorrect testing , for the sake of family peace , I support the view that a known genetic risk should not obligate someone to tell their family or relatives without that person 's permission .
A carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell their relatives .
More and more illnesses are discovered to be related to some genes with the development of medical technology .
People will know whether they carry a disease in their genes after they have done the genetic test .
If there are no problems , that will be wonderful .
However , not everyone is so lucky as to be sure they do not carry any disease-causing genes .
Therefore , once people find they have carried the disease genes , they should be responsible to tell their relatives , at least their family members .
It may be awkward and embarrassing for a person to tell relatives that he or she is a carrier of a known genetic risk .
But they all come from one family and share the same forefather , so of course they share some of the same genes .
Therefore there is nothing to be shy about or afraid of .
If the person tells their relatives that they carry a disease gene , their relatives can go to the hospital to check whether they also carry the disease gene .
Then the relatives can prepare themselves to prevent the disease from occurring .
They can also prevent the disease from being passed on to their offspring .
If the relatives carry that disease gene , they can share their experiences with him or her and offer some help . They will also teach him or her how to communicate with others about this issue .
If he or her not get married , he or she must tell his or her partner that he carries disease gene .
Then they can have a healthy baby with the help of doctors .
Otherwise , if he withholds the genetic risk , they may have an unhealthy baby and it may cause the baby 's death or the end of their marriage .
I watched a story on TV .
A couple had not had a child for a long time after their marriage , so their parents were anxious about it and asked them to go to the hospital to check what the problem was .
After returning from the hospital , the man told his parents that the problem was that he carried a disease gene so they could not have a baby in their lifetime .
The woman did not know the test result , but she overheard the conversation and decided to divorce her husband .
After getting the divorce certificate , the man showed her the test report ; it stated that the woman carried the disease gene instead of the man .
At that time , the woman knew how much her husband loved her , but she ruined her happiness .
Tears revealed nothing .
People can not avoid carrying the disease genes they are born with .
However , they can prevent the disease genes from being inherited by their children .
Telling their relatives that they may have a risk of carrying the disease gene can help family members bond more closely , and many risks and conflicts can also be avoided .
Genetic testing has become a beneficial way to predict and protect individuals at risk for disorders .
However , a family-related ethical dilemma arises over whether it is right to tell a carrier 's family once the test has been conducted and the results are known .
I am most inclined to believe that their relatives have the right to know the result .
The answer is simply that everyone , especially our families , has the right to know the truth .
Though it is said that genetic testing involves emotional and social risks due to the test results , and while the potential negative impacts of these risks still exist , the consequences will be significant if other members of his or her family do not know .
Then they are unable to find a suitable method to protect themselves and make emotional preparations .
Taking Angelina Jolie as an example , she is famous but still revealed the truth about her genetic testing regarding her breast cancer risk .
Not everything is that bad if you know how to look at the bright side with hope .
People might feel angry , depressed , or even guilty about their results .
In some cases , a carrier may cause tension within a family because the result is also related to others ' risk in some way .
However , I believe this is just a normal reaction to the situation .
In addition , although it may be possible in some cases for individuals and their families to face specific discrimination in employment and social life , they may also encounter more dramatic tragedies such as sickness or death if they can not even overcome this harsh situation .
Life is hard , but people can not blame it on being unfair .
It is just because you are not strong enough to overcome the hard times .
Furthermore , living with a secret is not a good feeling , especially if the situations of other relatives worsen ; you may feel guilty and depressed .
Moreover , the truth can not be hidden forever , but when it is revealed , the more shocking and upsetting it will be .
As a result , it is in the interests of the carriers and their relatives that the genetic testing result be disclosed .
Last but not least , though genetic testing is a personal matter , sharing the results with your family can improve understanding and sympathy toward one another , as well as promote awareness of taking care of everyone 's health .
That plays an important role in enabling relatives to overcome societal discrimination and anxiety about risks .
In a nutshell , I believe that people should have the obligation to tell their relatives about their genetic testing results for the good of their health .
It can be very difficult for them but necessary for the carriers and their families .
In addition , emotional preparations and the ways you explain your genetic condition are also important so that you can convey the correct information to your family and relatives and , if necessary , guide them if they wish to conduct similar genetic testing .
The Impact of Social Media
Social media has been playing a vitally important role in our lives today .
It is almost impossible for us to keep away from it .
I started getting involved in Facebook a year ago when I just arrived in Singapore .
And now I got over 500 friends on Facebook and buried myself with hundrends of seeds every day .
We know each other 's status , changes , and so on through social media .
For example , if we change our contact numbers , we will no longer send SMS to each individual .
Instead , we will post a seed and tag our friends to inform them of this kind of change .
And if you 're not on it , you 'll just get lost .
In some ways , social media has brought us a great deal of convenience .
It is becoming even more convenient than talking through the phone since it is free .
We discuss everything we like and have more personal space . Our friends also get more access to know what we are doing and what we like .
We also get a chance to talk to public figures like popular stars and learn more about their lives .
In China , many government organizations have open blogs to communicate with the public , such as fire departments and police stations .
Social media allows them to explain to or inform people about what is going on .
And actually , many rescue operations are carried out with the help of social media , like looking for people who get lost and so on .
With more convenient and humane communications , the relationship between government and people has greatly improved .
What 's more , various cultures can be shown to us through social media .
We can learn more about news and cultures through social media .
From this perspective , social media has shortened our distance .
However , we have fewer opportunities and less importance placed on talking face to face since social media is so convenient , advanced , and interesting .
And even when we gather together , more people find themselves with fewer topics to talk about than before and choose to dig into their social media again .
When we are far away , social media makes it as if we are in front of each other ; sometimes when we are by each other 's side , we seem to be further away than ever .
This kind of feeling makes people 's relationships less stable , secure , and reliable than before .
Besides , there are more people showing their pictures of yummy food or travel experiences .
To some extent , this makes our lives more luxurious and blundering .
For my part , I long for some places after seeing those beautiful pictures taken by my friends .
Sometimes I ca n't even sleep well because of excitement .
Social media makes our life patterns so fast and leaves us less time to think about our lives .
Social media is becoming increasingly important , and we need to think more about how to make it serve us better .
Interpersonal skills , like any other skills , require practice .
Besides that , these skills require time to develop and adapt .
The burgeoning of social media definitely has its drawbacks ; but among all good things , it is better to have them in moderation .
Convenience and efficiency are two very important uses of social media .
While millions of users are connected at any one time , any information can be readily available for their perusal .
This enhances the connectivity among users .
For example , one can send notifications and other information that we previously used to have in hard copy over the web , and the process takes seconds .
The recipient will then receive the information almost immediately , depending on the quality of the network .
This convenience can be perceived as almost real-time .
Next , communication is also greatly improved .
In the past , vast communication was done by one of many methods such as telegrams , snail mail , and poor-quality voice calls .
With the advent of applications such as Skype and FaceTime , any individual can phase out most of the old communication methods .
Aside from hearing the voice , a webcam could also be affixed to emulate a " real " interaction with expressions and gestures .
Communication would have taken a different turn without easily available social media .
However , it is a good practice not to use social media intensively all the time .
Intimate interaction is greatly lacking in social media interactions , particularly touch .
Having to meet and interact for talks allows one to be closer to the recipient .
It involves a level of dynamic interaction that utilizes the motor , thinking , and verbal cortex of the brain to coordinate .
Unlike using social media , most interactions require thought and typing .
As a result , one does not train the necessary parts of the skills required for proper interpersonal relations .
It is also entirely incorrect to fault social media alone for the lack of interpersonal skills .
Howard Garner studied the effect of multiple intelligences among people and stated that interpersonal intelligence is a form of skill on its own—some have it , some do not .
Howard Gardner mentioned that the different intelligences can be charted , in accordance with using tests , and ranked .
Fundamentally , those who scored lower rankings for interpersonal skills are more likely to stumble when these skills are needed .
Though social media need not necessarily be bad , it must be used appropriately—for work , family , and friends .
The types of use must also be taken into account—informing , interacting , discussion , and others .
The distance between the parties must also be considered .
For people who are living very far from one another , the intensive use of social media is justified .
For those who live within the community should at least meet up and not use social media as the primary source of communication with each other .
And at the same time , it improves interpersonal skills through dynamic practices between individuals and real-time presence .
The inclusion of intimate presence and relational touch could also foster better rapport between those interacting .
Recently , the rise of social media has helped people have closer connections with each other . It is a more convenient and cheaper way to make online contact compared with face-to-face meetings .
In my opinion , social media websites such as Twitter and Facebook will not affect the chance for people to have face-to-face contact and thus negatively affect interpersonal skills .
On the other hand , it may even increase the chance of having face-to-face contacts among people .
First , social media networks have a large user base , which helps to connect people from different parts of the world .
In the days before social networks , people may not have had the chance to meet others from different countries or those they had never met before .
The number of people they know may be limited to those they meet in daily life , such as classmates and coworkers .
Therefore , social networks bring more and more connections between people , and they may have a chance to chat with people they have never known before , which helps to develop interpersonal skills as well .
Secondly , although social networks take time for people to chat online rather than face to face , they may still set a time online to meet others in person in daily life .
In this case , the social network helps people increase the frequency of talking .
For example , if a social network does not exist , businesspeople need to meet each other face to face , which is time-consuming . Even for unimportant business matters , it still takes a lot of time on travel , which is a waste .
However , social networks help people to meet and chat much more easily ; they can even use video chat and create group chats to chat with multiple parties at the same time .
Nowadays , even some companies conduct online video interviews with their applicants as it saves time and cost .
The social network may also create some negative impacts on people .
The largest negative impact is that , due to the online network , some people start to use and rely on the internet every minute .
They spend too much time using online social networks and thus do not have time for daily face-to-face interactions with people in real life .
It not only affects interpersonal skills but is also bad for people 's health if they spend too much time on social media .
Secondly , social networks may leak certain personal information to the public , as the cyber environment is not perfect and not safe . People may not protect their privacy online effectively , and sometimes , some people may use others ' personal information to deceive .
In conclusion , although the unsafe online environment and spending too much time on the internet may be potential negative factors of using online social networks .
It provides people with a more convenient contact environment and improves the frequency of meeting with each other .
It also helps people develop their interpersonal skills through online chatting .
Overall , there are more benefits than costs .
The world is increasingly becoming flat through all kinds of social networking websites such as Facebook and Twitter .
We can even know what a friend who lives thousands of miles away eats for lunch through these kinds of social media .
From some points of view , social media really has many advantages by allowing us to communicate with friends more cheaply and conveniently .
However , its disadvantages can not be ignored when you consider it as a platform for showing off and a stage for cybercrime .
Social network sites provide us with much convenience .
Without hanging out with friends or talking to them on the phone , we can learn about their latest news by scanning the webpage .
It can help us get to know each other better .
It can bring people closer together as well .
For example , if you find out one of your friend 's favorite singers is Justin Bieber through Facebook , you can give him or her Justin Bieber 's new album or concert ticket as a birthday gift .
It will be really sweet and you two will surely become closer .
In addition , social networking sites can help you keep in touch with friends living very far away .
I met some Canadian friends in Egypt .
Without Facebook , we may lose contact .
However , thanks to Facebook , I can still keep in touch with them , and I know what they have been doing recently , even though we live close to each other .
The disadvantages of social media are quite undeniable .
A study shows that people will unconsciously hide their real thoughts when they say or post something that will be exposed to the public .
It means that one can not know another 's real thoughts and personality by reading what they post on social media .
It will make them quite upset when they communicate in real life .
In addition , with all those " nice " guys on social networking websites , one may neglect the people around them and communicate only with friends on Facebook .
It is a common scene to see two people sitting next to each other seldom talking with each other but just looking at their cellphones .
This kind of behavior is not good for people 's psychological health according to research .
The cyber communication is quite different from face-to-face communication , and people who depend on cyber communication too much will not get used to real-life communication .
In addition , cyber relationships can not always work in real life .
With no close relationships in real life but only close cyber friends , one is more likely to feel lonely because the physiological need of human beings is to feel a bond with others through our five senses .
With people 's willingness to become the best among others , social networking sites have now become a place to show off .
Some people post their expensive items or the overseas places of interest they have visited on social networks and gain a feeling of satisfaction by doing so .
It is a mental unhealthiness and it may drive people , especially teenagers , to become materialistic .
Last but not least , with all kinds of personal information on one 's social network page , it is convenient for criminals to make use of this information to commit a crime .
Above all , social networking sites are like a double-edged sword , and people can only take full advantage of them by avoiding their possible disadvantages , such as posting less personal information on their Facebook pages .
The modes of communication have changed over the years , from letter writing to social networking .
This phenomenon is caused by rapidly changing technology , which has made communication faster than ever before .
Today , social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter are relatively common in contemporary society , and people can communicate with each other—online or offline—on these social networking platforms .
They can even make new friends with similar interests on these platforms , which enable them to connect closely with almost everyone in many parts of the world .
However , critics may argue that the existence of social media sites has reduced physical human interactions among people , as they prefer sitting in front of a computer to going out and meeting new friends .
This essay will discuss both the benefits and downsides of using social media in contemporary society .
Nowadays , social media is able to disseminate information faster than any other medium .
About 50 % of people have learned about breaking news from social media .
This is because people spend comparatively more time on social networking than on reading newspapers .
Furthermore , with current technology , smartphones can access social media sites , which has made it easier for consumers to use them .
Hence , social media has benefited the masses by equipping them with a powerful tool to disseminate information almost immediately to the people around them .
However , critics may argue that not all information or news disseminated is reliable .
False information or hoaxes might be spreading on social media .
For example , in 2012 , false rumors of fires , shootouts , and caravans of gunmen in a Mexico City suburb spread through Twitter and Facebook .
This had caused panic among the people , who flooded the local police department with numerous phone calls , resulting in the temporary closure of schools .
The spreading of false information can be a potential psychological threat to everyone , given that social media can disseminate information at a relatively fast speed .
Nevertheless , there are cyber police who roam around these social networking platforms to prevent these hoaxes from spreading .
Despite high security measures to control nearly every social media interaction , unreliable sources will still spread false information on social media sites .
Social media can improve relationships and help make new friends , provided there is mutual trust and understanding between both parties .
Many teenagers today claim that they are able to keep in touch with their friends through social media , regardless of their location .
In the past , people used to write letters to their friends , and it would take a relatively long time to send the letter .
Therefore , with the help of technology , people are able to catch up with each other conveniently .
Furthermore , it will be easier to make new friends who have similar interests or hobbies .
However , for people to maintain their relationships and make new friends , mutual trust and understanding between both parties are required .
It might not be accurate to judge the other party 's feelings through social media , as one may conceal their emotions while using it .
In addition , there are also chances for people to miscommunicate with each other as they can not sense the other party 's tone on social media platforms .
This will result in unnecessary conflicts between the two parties due to miscommunication .
But if there is trust and mutual understanding on social media , it will be ideal for people to improve relationships and make new friends .
In conclusion , social media in contemporary society can help one improve relationships and make new friends , as well as disseminate information efficiently to the masses .
However , there are risks of false information and the chance of miscommunication .
Nevertheless , the advantages of social media will benefit the masses if its negative aspects can be carefully addressed .
All in all , social media is a product of rapid technological advancement , and there is more to come in the future .
Advantages : Social media sites have greatly eased long-distance communication and interaction due to their accessibility and convenience .
With a globalized and interconnected world today , Twitter and Facebook are now the mainstream platforms for social interaction .
With just a touch away from any media/electronic device , one can easily interact and communicate with their friends without much hassle .
Thus , long-distance relationships or friendships can be maintained , and keeping in touch with your circle of friends has been made much easier .
With the sharing of personal photos , posting of statuses about one 's personal feelings or experiences , and the ability to reply to these posts , human interaction has been able to engage and expand with ease .
Introverts or those who are shy about communicating with their friends can now do so in the form of words via social media platforms .
Thus , socialisation can occur seamlessly and effectively through the use of such social media platforms . Meet-ups and appointments are no longer barriers to human contact and communication , making human interaction possible at one 's own convenience .
The society will adapt to such phenomena as physical interactions are transformed into cyber interactions .
With the frequent use and reliance on social media and the Internet , a society that socializes through cyberspace will be more advanced and adapted to the highly connected world .
This will greatly help society progress rapidly .
Disadvantages : One of the main concerns of using social media platforms to communicate is credibility .
The certainty of what is shared or expressed can not be physically proven , as media limits this kind of interaction—except when using a webcam to chat .
We can not be certain about the reliability or truth of some posts or information we receive through the Internet .
We may in fact be communicating with a hoax Facebook account of a cyber friend , which we assume to be real , but in reality , it is a fake account .
Photos and information retrieved from their profile page may be fabricated to suit a certain personal agenda .
Thus , the lack of face-to-face human contact through social media restricts actual interaction , which can be stimulated by in-person communication .
Although emojis can be used to show certain emotions , this differs from the truly authentic emotions of your friends when you observe them through their body language and facial expressions .
The danger of such social media interaction is the uncertainty of such communication due to the lack of physical interaction .
Furthermore , this lack of physical interaction has affected human interpersonal behavior since communication is conducted through social media instead of in-person meet-ups .
This lowers the quality of human interaction , which can adversely shape one 's behavior .
The lack of exposure to real-life interaction with humans will not create the confidence and skills needed for one to interact seamlessly and effectively with others .
Therefore , for an effective and efficient society , there must be a balance between social media interaction and face-to-face human interaction among its people .
Nowadays , people can even use their phones to read news , and everyone can be the first witnesses to what is happening in the world .
People use Twitter to follow the artists or celebrities they love and Facebook to see what their friends ' recent activities are .
Nevertheless , they can still use their phones to make normal calls and send messages to stay in contact .
Not only did the phone do the jobs for them , but also devices like personal computers , laptops , tablets , and many other devices that are able to connect to the internet .
It is obvious that the internet saves people 's time and also connects people globally .
Several arguments have been made regarding the fact that social media actually has some inevitable disadvantages for people .
People can only use electrical devices to access the internet .
Whenever they need to use social media , they have to use a phone or the internet .
Generally , people need their eyes to look at the display screen of their phone or computer and their fingers to manipulate the corresponding device .
As a result , they will lose eye contact and the ability to use their hands to express their feelings to people near them , which means they have lost the tools they need for face-to-face communication .
This is easily seen in restaurants or cafés nowadays .
A family of four is having dinner in a restaurant without any chatting because they are holding and looking at their display screens with one hand while the other hand holds a fork .
A group of friends were having high tea in a café without chatting as well , because they didn ’ t know what to talk about but were pressing on their display screens .
The children nowadays do not know what neighborhood games are and who is staying next to them ; all they know is pressing icons on the screens .
These are some concrete examples of how social media reduces face-to-face human contact .
When people get used to using social media to contact others , their interpersonal communication skills will degrade and eventually be lost .
First , they have lost the courage to meet strangers , let alone talk to them .
Also , they will not have enough experience to communicate with people face-to-face and will not be trained in conversational skills .
As a result , social media helps them do their jobs but indirectly affects their interpersonal skills .
Social media does have some other advantages besides their general benefits to human beings .
First of all , people save money by using the internet to contact others and read news .
A father may be able to call his daughter , who is in another country , via social media software instead of making an international call , which costs a lot for a family with a normal salary .
He can even talk to her daughter face-to-face using a video call via the internet .
Secondly , people make friends all over the world and are able to update their friends on their recent activities easily .
A guy who is going to travel for months can easily tell all of his friends about his plans .
When one of his friends who is unaware of this fails to contact him via telephone , he might be able to find his whereabouts using social media .
These are the advantages that work most of the time .
In conclusion , social media benefits people in several ways but at the same time harms them .
People should avoid the misuse of social media and use it properly .
With the help of social media , people bond globally , information flows rapidly , and humans live happily .
All of us are living in a technology-driven society .
Have you ever wondered why we use these tools to connect with other people ?
It started with the invention of technology , which has evolved tremendously over the past few decades .
In the past , we traveled by ship , and now we can use airplanes to do so .
In the past , it took a few days to receive a message as we needed to post our letters , but now we can use email , which stands for electronic mail , to send messages to our friends or even use our mobile phones to send messages .
From the example I mentioned earlier , we can see that the distance between us and our loved ones is growing .
This is because technology , such as airplanes , makes it easier for some of our friends to go overseas to continue their studies , or even for you to be away from your family to pursue your studies or careers in life .
Thus , this makes Twitter and Facebook one of the media that we need .
Nevertheless , everything in life has positive and negative effects .
This applies to these social media sites .
The next two paragraphs will discuss the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our society .
With the help of social media tools , we can stay in contact with and keep up to date with our family and friends even when we are away from them .
Social media sites such as Facebook have allowed us to share our pictures or even chat online with our parents while we are overseas .
This approach helps the parents to communicate with their children and know what kind of activities their children have when they are overseas .
The social media is beneficial as it connects you and your loved ones even though you are separated by distance .
It might not replace the joy you have when you 're with your family , but it could help reduce the sadness of being away from them .
As I mentioned at the beginning , there are also disadvantages to social media tools .
One of them is that it reduces the level of concentration , especially among youngsters .
This is because it is part of everyone 's habit to check their Facebook page , as their friends post something new every second .
Thus , you can see that some students browse Facebook while attending lectures .
This means that the students are not concentrating when they are supposed to do so .
As a result , it could affect their lives and their studies .
This could then lead to stress as these students are not able to cope with their studies because they are distracted .
In my opinion , every individual has to take responsibility for their own life by making the right decisions .
There are advantages and disadvantages to using social media sites ; however , in this case , striking a balance between social media and life is the most important thing to do .
Nowadays , the use of social media platforms is commonplace in our lives .
In an increasingly globalised world , such platforms even enhance and complicate the links between individuals in the world .
Thanks to them , people can get to know one another online without having to travel to meet for business or personal reasons .
However , it is also bringing some social changes whereby such virtual worlds are overtaking the real world , resulting in some negative impacts on individuals ' daily lives and therefore becoming a major problem in societies as a whole .
As people spend more and more time on such social media sites , the importance of face-to-face human contact has decreased .
As people feel more confident online , where they do not have to face others in real life on the spot , they feel more comfortable and thus prefer communicating online .
This results in a lack of interpersonal skills in individuals , especially young students , as they always have the option to turn their backs on real life and go online .
This becomes a huge problem when they have no choice but to face things in real life .
As they are so used to having an online avatar , they may lose their sense of self-identity in real life and may not realize how to interact with people in real life .
Another problem with social media is that the benefits from investing such enormous time and energy are not reflected as something positive to the users .
The reason it is so addictive is that the more people get into social media , the more they seek attention from their friends .
However , such sparks of sudden attention are extremely short-term and gone easily , thus not adding any value or meaning to the user 's life .
Also , according to research , it has been proven that users feel sadder after using Facebook , as they unknowingly compare their lives with others ' .
But seriously , most people only post the happiest moments of their lives .
Social media definitely has some other strong benefits that make users stay , such as the links among people .
Indeed , I use Facebook only to keep in touch with friends whose contact information I want to maintain .
However , the friendship in such a virtual world is so superficial that it is not very relevant to real life .
Also , as numerous profit-driven companies realize the huge human traffic on such social media sites , they use them as a pond to fish for customers by uploading many advertisements .
Furthermore , this also possibly triggers privacy issues , as Facebook allows some other profit-driven companies to access users ' information .
As this happens , users are more and more prone to any possible fraud .
Social media sites are at their peak at the moment ; however , I believe that when people realize such sites are not making them better people in real life , they will not indulge in them as much as they do now .
The users will soon realise that they do not need such social media sites to keep in contact with their friends because , if they really need somebody , they will reach their friends no matter what .
We think we are all connected through all sorts of social media , but do we really feel connected or are we falling apart ?
Social media sites like Facebook and Twitter were born with the intention of connecting people from around the world .
The idea seems great , and nowadays most people , even the older generation , have at least one social media platform like Facebook .
The parents are now the " friends " of their kids , and they can now " follow " them more closely and in real time .
People frequently post about their random thoughts or daily activities on Twitter and share different kinds of photos on Facebook to stay connected with their so-called friends .
However , as we tend to spend too much time on this and have significantly reduced face-to-face human contact , it eventually affects our interpersonal skills .
First and foremost , I would like to share the advantages of using social media in my daily life .
As a student , I tend to meet lots of people from different backgrounds and in different settings .
We may meet only once , but we exchange our contact numbers as well as our Facebook accounts in order to keep in touch .
Unlike just keeping contact numbers that we may not even call , social media like Facebook is a great way for friends from different fields or even from different parts of the world to stay connected .
Within clicks , we could check our friend 's profile and read their updates .
On the other hand , we could update our profile by posting on the wall , and our friends could read it on the newsfeed .
This allows friends who may not have the time to meet up to still connect in a way .
Not only that , but new friends can also be easily met through such online platforms .
Hence , our social circle is indeed expanding .
Nonetheless , what seems to connect us can be the cause that tears us apart .
The obvious disadvantage of using social media is the reduction in face-to-face contact .
This subsequently leads to poor interpersonal skills that inhibit the growth of our real social circle .
For example , we tend to send birthday wishes when Facebook prompts us , " Today is someone 's birthday . "
In fact , we might have just forgotten our friend 's birthday .
We used to send wish cards during festive seasons like Chinese New Year , and we felt so good writing one and , of course , receiving one with stamps on it .
Gone were the times when we sent personal messages ; now we mass-send them , and the receiver may find less meaning in such online wishes .
As time passes , we may have more " friends " on the list , but the meaning of friendship may need to be redefined .
In a nutshell , every sword has two edges .
The users of every social media site need to strike a balance between the real world and the virtual one .
We should maximize the benefits of such platforms but be careful of their impacts on the actual lives we have .
Ultimately , the best way to enhance interpersonal skills is still through face-to-face meetings , but social media sites are merely tools to supplement them .
Nowadays , social media sites are commonly used in society .
I believe 80 percent of people use social media sites .
These sites play a role in connecting people around the world .
It consists of connecting , sharing , interacting , and advertising .
However , there are also some disadvantages that occur due to social media , which concern society .
This article is written to explain the pros and cons of using social media in our daily lives .
First , with the function of social media sites that connect people , everyone is able to interact and communicate with friends and family , or even strangers , without any time or place constraints .
Through social media sites , we can chat with our friends who live in Europe and New Zealand .
There are over a thousand miles between Singapore and these two countries .
However , we are able to chat with our friends without traveling to the countries .
It saves a lot of money and time as well as strengthens our relationship , even though we stay in different places around the world .
Besides that , companies can also use the convenience of social media sites , such as Facebook Chat or Skype , to facilitate meetings with project parties from around the world .
Significant cost savings are achieved without the tiring travel from one point to another .
With the significant cost savings , this capital can be utilized in other sectors that benefit the company more and boost the company 's profit .
However , there are always two sides to every story .
Some scholars argue that the use of social media reduces face-to-face connections between humans .
Since ancient times , humans have interacted with others face to face .
Without facial expressions , it is easier to misunderstand the speakers ' intentions .
That is why facial expression is one of the most important elements in social learning .
In addition , " social media sites will affect writing skills " is the point of view in society .
Based on the statistical report , writing skills will decrease as more time is spent on social media sites .
I believe most of us have experienced suddenly forgetting how to write a word that we should know .
The autocorrect software is so effective when using electronic devices that we do not realize the importance of writing .
Writing is an essential skill for a person who expresses their own feelings and opinions .
" Privacy " is the word that has been popular in these few decades .
Humans have their own rights and privacy .
I believe most of us agree to these terms .
However , there is news about social media sites leaking users ' information to companies in exchange for cash reimbursement .
Everything we type on social media sites is recorded on the server and then transferred to the companies for spying and advertising .
Although it may seem like there are no laws and it is your own space to say and do anything you want , you are actually wrong .
You are not only controlled by government laws but also spied on by the government .
In conclusion , everything has two sides to the story .
It is our responsibility to identify the advantages and disadvantages of social media sites .
To use the technology well , we should make an effort to not only balance its pros and cons but also maximize the advantages and minimize the disadvantages .
Thus , the new technology will be able to bring a prosperous future for our and the next generation .
With the widespread of advanced technology , social media sites are becoming more and more popular .
Getting connected on social media such as Facebook and Twitter has become a major trend as well as a daily activity nowadays .
Given this situation , both the advantages and disadvantages of using social media apply to our daily lives .
On one side , it is obvious that many advantages have been brought to our lives .
Social media provides people with the opportunity to stay in contact with each other anytime and anywhere .
Whether we are at home , at school , at work , or on holiday , we can communicate and interact with our friends .
Even when people are thousands of miles apart , social media makes it possible to interact by continuing to write comments .
When our phones accidentally die , we can also use social media to get in touch with our friends .
Some people who are trying to talk in public can also actively take part in group chatting via social media .
Besides , we can make more friends through such interactions when our friends also bring their friends along .
Therefore , the popularity of social media sites has made it more convenient for people to update their friends ' statuses and contact friends more frequently .
On the other side , we need to rethink the influences brought by social media .
The sentence is already correct . There are still many disadvantages of using social media .
Firstly , interpersonal skills may be affected by the reduction in face-to-face human contact .
While social media brings convenience to people 's lives , people are increasingly willing to use it for chatting instead of face-to-face conversations , which have time and place requirements .
People who are not good at public speaking may be more reluctant to talk to others , and their interpersonal skills may never improve in this situation .
Secondly , people 's over-addiction may unavoidably , to some degree , exacerbate social alienation , and this kind of alienation causes some social media users to suffer from over-dependence on virtual social networking .
More and more networking has been transferred from real life to the internet .
This is a potential danger for teenagers growing up amid social changes to get hurt .
Thirdly , frequent updates to luxury living standards and other ostentatious displays may make people 's daily lives increasingly extravagant , which is not an accurate reflection of social growth .
Lastly , it is easy for people to waste a lot of time on social media .
Again , there is a trend for them to suffer from social media addiction , and their studies and work may be greatly affected .
Since we can see both advantages and disadvantages of using social media , and we can not deny the huge benefits it has brought us , this main trend of using social media may still last for a long time .
Therefore , every time we use social media , we should take both sides into consideration and try to avoid being affected by the disadvantages .
Only by absorbing the essence and discarding the dross can we make better use of social media .
In this sophisticated era like these days , experts keep producing inventions that are meant to make life easier .
Geographical and transportation borders are no longer a problem because communication and information technologies have been continuously enhanced .
The telephone may be perceived as one of the greatest innovations ever created when Graham Bell first introduced it .
However , since the internet became known , telephones started to give way to social media sites .
The users are given many advantages .
Let 's take Facebook and Twitter as examples , two of the most famous social media sites .
Through Facebook , people are able to maintain relationships with their old acquaintances .
This benefit can not be obtained by telephone or mail because people 's particulars and addresses may change from time to time , whereas on Facebook , people can keep in contact with old friends just by using a name and photo as identifiers .
Facebook is like a combination of messaging and chat services , personal profiles , media-sharing platforms , and other entertainment add-ons ( i.e .
Social games , which allow users to communicate with remote people and also to update and express themselves at the same time .
Twitter , which has more simplified functions compared to Facebook , offers more benefits if used as an information-sharing medium .
Twitter only allows users to provide updates limited to short sentences in order to spread messages quickly , ensuring only highlighted messages are delivered .
Facebook offers a comprehensive way of sharing , as multiple photos and videos can be uploaded , long notes can be published , and even documents and data can be shared .
These advantages also come in handy as most of these social media sites are accessible through mobile applications on our smartphones .
Despite the luxury that social media offers , there are also harmful side effects that people may not realize beforehand .
Research shows that the frequency of face-to-face meetings among people who are addicted to social media sites has been decreasing .
As a consequence , it affects their interpersonal skills .
People can think while typing and prepare what they want to say , but in face-to-face communication , every word that comes out of your mouth—and may not be well-arranged—reflects your personality .
This skill requires practice and can not be done completely through social media .
There is a situation where a family is having dinner together in a restaurant , but everyone is busy with their own gadgets , posting pictures on Facebook , updating statuses on Twitter , or even chatting with friends .
These social media serve a purpose to bind people despite their geographical boundaries , but that does n't mean the people around us are neglected as a trade-off .
This relates to the interpersonal skill mentioned earlier , which can decrease in quality if we are used to facing gadgets rather than human beings .
Another disadvantage that affects other people is that by only showing selected parts of our lives , we create a " false image " in public .
We tend to share only our happy moments on social media .
Because of this , other people start to think that our lives are full of happiness with no problems at all .
Other people are then influenced by us and tend to do the same .
As a result , people think lowly of themselves and may develop depression and mental disorders .
It also diminishes our sympathy .
This is a serious social problem that affects a lot of people .
As explained above , modern and sophisticated technology does not always provide advantages .
There are a lot of disadvantages that people may not realize .
It is up to people 's discretion and understanding to decide which side they want to take .
So , we should never forget to consider and calculate the benefits and losses of every decision we make .
Nowadays , advancements in technology greatly improve many people 's lives .
In most countries , there is an emergence of social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter .
Many people think that social media sites have benefits for communication between people , while others argue that there are several negative impacts on society .
One of the advantages carried by those social media sites is that they can connect us more closely than before .
In the past decades , when social media sites were not yet fully developed , people connected with others who lived far away by using a phone or even a letter .
However , calling a person by phone and writing a person a letter incur some cost , and sending a letter to a person who lives far away , especially in villages , takes much time .
The emergence of those social media sites enables those problems to be addressed .
People can connect through social media sites without spending money on communication , and a message can reach its recipient in only a few seconds .
Therefore , these advantages of social media sites save money and time while also providing convenience for many people .
Moreover , this also provides an alternative way for people to contact someone they have not seen for a very long time , such as their friends from primary and secondary school .
As we graduate from school , we will probably lose contact with some of our friends .
Some of them may have changed their phone numbers and addresses , and we are not able to reach them by phone or letter .
If phone and letter are the only ways to contact them , we would probably not be able to find them .
Facebook and Twitter can serve as alternative routes to connect us with our old friends .
Hence , social media sites serve as platforms for connection .
Everything that comes with benefits will also have its disadvantages .
On the other hand , social media sites also bring some negative impacts to the people and society .
The advancement of those social media sites makes people so reliant on them that some prefer using those sites to contact each other rather than talking face to face .
Many people argue that this is the most serious problem caused by social media sites .
The usage of social media sites indirectly causes a reduction in face-to-face human communication in real life , which will in turn cause the loss of interpersonal skills for many people .
As we all know , interpersonal skills are essential for us to communicate with each other and to present our views and ideas .
The loss of interpersonal skills results in people 's inability to present their ideas well .
As a result , they will gradually lose their ability to compete with one another in society .
In conclusion , social media sites have both positive and negative consequences for people and society .
As part of this modern society , we should learn to distinguish between the good and bad impacts brought by the advancement of technology , and also learn to avoid the drawbacks and maximize the benefits of these platforms .
With the advancement of technology in recent years , the need to keep in touch with people and the latest news has become a tremendous demand .
Some famous examples include social media sites like Twitter and Facebook .
With an increasing number of more than a billion users from all over the world , social media sites have clearly demonstrated their success in playing an important part in our lives .
However , there are arguments that social media reduces face-to-face human contact , which in turn affects interpersonal skills .
Let 's examine the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our daily lives and society .
First and foremost , all social media sites are free of charge .
All users need an internet connection and an email account so that everyone can have a Facebook or Twitter ID to start their journey in social media .
Secondly , it helps people keep in touch with one another .
Finding old friends through Facebook , for example , is easier than asking people around in real life .
Social media helps lessen the hassle of geographical distance and brings people closer .
Thirdly , social media sites keep us up to date on the latest news and updates from almost everywhere in the world , all just a click away on the refresh button .
Last but not least , social media sites also connect people by allowing us to create our own groups , pages , or sites to share our hobbies , interests , and studies in particular subjects .
Hence , it is undeniable that these sites play an important role in our globally interconnected world .
However , social media sites also have their darker side with negative impacts on humans .
Undeniably , it becomes more addictive when we spend more time socialising and interacting virtually .
We spend the majority of our time on sites like Facebook and Twitter , and it affects our daily work productivity and performance .
In the corporate world , employers often block social media networks to prevent employees from spending their office time on personal leisure rather than concentrating on their work .
Using text-messaging language as an informal way of communicating on social media networks also has a bad long-term impact on us .
The more time we spend on these sites , the less time we spend interacting face-to-face with one another .
Hence it lessens valuable interaction between humans and reduces the time we spend away from the computer screen or mobile phone .
In addition , some false reports and fake IDs occur on social media sites where people use fake IDs to insult or harass someone , as in the recent case of Heather Chua on Facebook .
These malicious comments often go viral and create a strong negative effect on real users in real life , which might lead victims to develop an unwillingness to interact with others .
In conclusion , everything has its two-sided effect and it depends on how we exploit it .
With current booming technology , it is agreeable that people are becoming more technology-savvy and want to spend more time interacting with each other through social media sites . However , this does not mean we should neglect face-to-face human interaction , as it plays an even more important role in our lives .
As more and more social websites such as Twitter , Facebook , and Weibo have become ubiquitous , seamless , and imperative in our lives , people may worry about the younger generation having problems with face-to-face communication skills .
However , I believe the benefits brought by these online chat rooms tremendously outweigh their repercussions .
Social media enables us to explore distant parts of the world without paying for expensive airplane tickets or taking a one-week holiday .
The convenience is beyond description .
With a small smartphone or a computer at school , at work , or at home , we can easily make friends worldwide with a " click " and get to know about their lives by having conversations with them , reading their blogs , viewing their photos , and checking their status .
Compared to face-to-face interaction , online conversation makes it easier for strangers to start talking to each other .
Since some information has already been revealed on the home page , it is also easier to find common topics to discuss .
Moreover , people usually like to share their true feelings online boldly , as their masks in reality are removed .
This was indicated in a report by Boston University in 2012 : 80 % of information posted online is true , while a person may be liked only 3 out of 10 times in real life .
This shows that a Facebook friend may know more about you than your close friend who does not have a Facebook account .
That is because we act as we are in reality while we have no reason to do so in the online virtual world .
Although sometimes that genuine sharing of information may be inappropriate or even harmful , such as the prevalent use of vulgarity and harsh comments , we can minimize those repercussions through strict regulation of online content .
Another advantage of social media is its role in aiding the spread of democracy .
People around the world could easily share their thoughts about their governments .
That eliminates the disadvantage of incomplete information for some remote rural regions where people are less aware of what is actually happening around them .
One of the examples is the 2012 riots that happened in Egypt and Zambia .
The idea of searching for democracy spread from Egyptians to people in Zambia quickly through the use of social media .
However , the government controls most of the media .
These social media platforms may be tools of their campaign , manipulating the thoughts of the public .
For example , in the 2012 general election in Singapore , Dr. Tan Chee Keong made use of Facebook to spread his campaign videos to the public .
Though because of this , social media is still a much fairer and more transparent online platform for the public to share ideas compared to other traditional media .
Intensive use of social media does reduce the time people spend on face-to-face communication .
It is common to see in a food court or restaurant a group of people sitting together around a table , each with a cell phone in their hands .
They are so busy with their far too many virtual friends that some of them neglect the feelings of their real-life friends .
In this case , I have to say that to err is human .
What we can do is educate the public about the importance of having friends by their side and teach them to manage their time well .
In conclusion , the use of social media has more advantages than disadvantages in our daily lives .
What we can do is cautiously manage our time spent online and our words used online .
With the regulation of governments and relevant authorities , the virtual world could become a better place .
Social media sites ' role in connecting people around the world is undeniable .
Thanks to those social media platforms , communication among people all over the world is possible and can be done with ease .
Apart from the ease of communication despite the distance , many other advantages such as knowledge sharing and trade can be achieved through social media as well .
Nevertheless , with those advantages , some disadvantages may appear , such as a reduction in face-to-face human contact , which affects interpersonal skills ; privacy issues ; and some frauds that can be committed through social media .
Twitter , Facebook , and Skype are some social media sites that enable us to keep in touch with our friends or family who are in other cities or countries .
Through those sites , we are able to talk to them , learn about their activities , and find out who their friends are , among other things . On the surface , there is no doubt that these sites help us maintain a better relationship with our relatives despite the distance .
The sharing of information can be done faster through social media as well , which is why many news publishers nowadays have their own social media accounts . For example , Channel News Asia has a Twitter account and updates its followers with headline news .
That shows how news and information can actually be shared easily through social media .
Furthermore , since many teenagers and young adults are fans of social media , this information can reach them easily without them needing to watch or listen to the news reports .
Due to the popularity of social media , many people have started doing business via these sites .
More and more advertisements can be found on Facebook . Whether it is our friends selling their products or professional brands selling theirs online , we can buy and contact the sellers through these sites , which can be considered an advantage for us buyers .
However , is it the same when we keep in touch with someone virtually as when we meet them in person ?
I do think there is a difference in it , and I believe many of us would agree .
When we write or communicate virtually , we can hide our true feelings and may not be ourselves since we do not want the other party to judge us .
Other than that , sometimes a party 's message can not be delivered properly to the other since communication is done through written language , and thus the tone of the message when sent and when received may differ .
Many people are very brave about sharing their opinions online , but in real life , some of them can be very shy and not outspoken at all .
This will lead to poor interpersonal skills as well as a problem of trust .
Nowadays , we can not really trust new people whom we know from social media since we will never know whether they are even real .
Some people fake their identities on social media sites so they can meet more people , while others may even cheat people .
In addition , privacy issues have become more prevalent nowadays since some people do not realize that they may actually share information that they are not willing to share in the first place .
Therefore , while social media sites undoubtedly have benefits in our lives , we should consider their drawbacks and thus use them wisely so that we can gain more of their benefits and they disadvantage us as little as possible .
It is a common scene that almost everyone on public transport is looking at their phone or wearing a pair of earphones in today 's modern society .
Not only one but many developed and developing countries share the same situation .
Some say that it is a necessary step for human evolution .
Social media sites like Twitter and Facebook are popular among people so they can connect with others even from different countries .
It also brings many negative effects , such as the loss of face-to-face communication skills , which are important in the workplace .
This essay will discuss the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in daily life .
One of the significant advantages of using a popular social media site is that people can easily reach others , even without contact for a long time .
In this fast-paced and competitive world , people may not be able to keep in touch with others .
With the help of social media sites , people can upload their new discoveries and funny scenes , and they can stay updated on their friends ' latest information .
Personally , I am studying overseas , and my busy study life keeps me from contacting my old friends .
Using a common social media site with my friends helps me know what their current statuses are .
And I can easily find a common topic when I contact them .
In Singapore , many Malaysians cross the sea to work here .
Many of them are busy with work and separated from their children .
One of the managers in my workplace has the same situation .
After my manager taught her mother how to use Facebook , her mother was able to upload video clips of her grandchild .
My manager would therefore not miss the moments of her daughter 's growth .
Social media sites are also very useful tools for people to start new friendships or relationships .
People get connected or closer with those who have the same preferences .
It is easier for people to approach others after knowing the information .
Students can exchange their experiences in studying even if they are in different countries .
People can share their culture or beautiful photos online , so others can spread the joy with them .
Thus , I believe that social media sites are one of the useful tools to help people get to know each other better .
However , social media sites are a double-edged sword ; they also bring some negative effects on our daily lives .
One of the disadvantages that many people are concerned about is that people lose interest in face-to-face communication .
Many people like to use language to express themselves , and lose confidence when they talk to each other .
Although not everyone is good at public relations even without the existence of social media sites , we can not deny that it does affect some people in their interpersonal skills .
In conclusion , a shadow always exists when there is light .
We should take advantage of the creatures we create and try to avoid the negative effects .
Social media sites are supposed to be very useful and convenient tools to use and bring people closer in this globalized world .
The use of social media has largely influenced how we communicate with one another .
Online friends became real-life friends , and real-life friends communicate with one another online .
Social media has profoundly changed our ways of exchanging information and interpersonal relationships .
This change has advantages and disadvantages .
Social media has reshaped the way we communicate .
In real life , we communicate with each other as equal participants .
We share ideas and stories and forge friendships based on mutual respect .
However , communication on social media is largely based on " broadcasting and receiving . "
When we use Facebook to post pictures and statuses .
We are actively presenting façades of our lives in front of others .
We tend to post pictures with the best looks and statuses that are funny .
We project these facades of ourselves to others .
The images we choose to present are tentatively considered to be .
The audience is n't any specific person , but everyone we might know or even the entire world .
There is an element of seeking attention rather than expressing one 's true opinion on social networks .
On the other hand , the viewers are not the listeners .
They are just scrolling through pages and pages of pictures and statuses and see one that they might find funny .
It is not the broadcasters themselves they care about , but rather the content .
This type of communication does not help in forging interpersonal relationships .
In real life , establishing friendships requires an all-round understanding of and care for one another .
The latter requires face-to-face interaction , where we can show our emotions to others .
One can not truly understand a person by merely stalking their Facebook page , where they carefully choose what to present .
One can not truly convey their emotions to another by texting some : ) signs .
The broadcasting and viewing model is not good for forging relationships .
However , it is useful for sharing information .
On social media , everyone is both a broadcaster and a viewer .
With my social network account , I seldom read newspapers or visit news websites anymore because I can easily read the news from my friends ' statuses .
If I 'm interested in politics , I can just follow some political newspapers or public figures .
I get news about sales , clothes , and cosmetics from my friends .
If some of my friends have horrible taste in clothes and they post them often , I can simply block them .
Information circulated .
The most popular information circulates the most , so I can seldom miss it .
Social networks play a role in providing and filtering information .
This saves me a lot of time reading newspapers and watching TV .
Personally , I feel more at ease on social media .
From the two points of view above , I think social media could forge more interest-based friendships .
With the help of social media , I became real-life friends with those from online forums with whom I share the same interests .
I also discovered some of my friends ' interests that I share , so talking to one another is much more about life , studies , friends , etc .
The communication does not focus on how we feel about each other , but rather on whatever is interesting or the content .
In this case , interpersonal skills are not as important because our goal is not to impress someone , but to get the information that we both are interested in .
In conclusion , I believe social media has reshaped interpersonal relationships from human-based friendships that require sharing and caring between friends to information-based friendships that require mutual interests .
The sentence itself has advantages and disadvantages ; however , whether it is good or bad , we are still not sure .
It 's just different .
Advantages and disadvantages of using social media in daily life .
People living in the modern world really can not live without social media sites like Twitter and Facebook .
Almost all students and young adults possess a Facebook or Twitter account .
It is true that social media allows people to connect with one another more conveniently .
However , it seems that , especially for some of those , sharing some parts of their lives such as videos and photos on social media sites becomes really necessary .
An extremely interesting and ironic phenomenon was discovered : a group of friends met and sat around one table , but none of them were really chatting with one another .
Instead , all of them were more interested in posting pictures of this " cheerful " meeting on their social media .
Therefore , there is a need to discuss the advantages and disadvantages of social media .
Social media enables people from different parts of the world to communicate with each other .
People used to write letters and send postcards to keep in touch with those living far away from them in the past .
It can take a few days or weeks for them to receive the messages .
Nowadays , all people need to do is just type in front of their computers in their own rooms .
People on the other side will only need a second to receive the message .
Distance and time are no longer problems , which is especially convenient when instant chat is needed .
However , when people become increasingly addicted to this convenience and fail to communicate with those close to them , their face-to-face interpersonal skills deteriorate .
Social media provides people with a way of talking and chatting that can not be considered a form of communication .
When one chats on those media sites , there is no eye contact , no emotional delivery , and even the expressions are typed using some combinations of punctuation .
For greater convenience , sentences are shortened to just three or four words , such as * lol * ( which means " laugh out loud " ) and * asap * ( which means " as soon as possible " ) .
People indeed go to great lengths to make their words as short as they can .
When they communicate with people face to face , expressing themselves appropriately becomes a real problem .
Social media also provides people with a huge amount of information about people and things that interest them .
For example , on Twitter , it 's exciting to follow people you adore , like famous movie and TV stars , businessmen , and entrepreneurs .
It makes people feel extremely close to their admirers ' lives and work .
Updated news that people care about can be easily obtained by refreshing your social media sites on your smartphones and laptops almost anytime .
However , after registering on those unreliable social media sites , all the information you have filled in may become a weapon against you in the future .
Furthermore , not everyone on social media sites is honest .
The profile picture may not be the person the user claims to be .
The reason might just be that he or she wants to " decorate " his or her face .
But there 's a possibility that the person on the other side is deceiving you in order to obtain your information .
No pledge of authenticity can prevent the risks to people 's information and privacy that are shared on social media sites .
To sum up , social media has advantages and disadvantages in people 's daily lives .
It shortens the distance between people worldwide and makes instant communication possible .
And using social media makes it more convenient to obtain and update information .
On the contrary , social media causes people to lose their ability to communicate effectively in real life and puts them at risk of exposing their privacy to those whose identities can not be verified on social media sites .
How does social media help change our lives ?
As technology develops , social media plays an increasingly significant role worldwide .
Not everyone in the world can stop using it every day to express their feelings or ideas and a lot of other things that help their friends know their lives better .
However , it also raised concerns about whether it brings us more benefits or a human disaster .
Although it helps us connect with our friends wherever we are , it at the same time reduces the chances for us to talk to our friends face-to-face , which may affect our interpersonal skills .
Thus , whether there are more advantages or disadvantages becomes a difficult question for every human being .
Many people say they will support social media since it really helps them have a closer view of how their friends are doing in other parts of the world .
This is especially for people who are overseas .
To them , social media is the only resource they can use to learn about everything happening in their home country and the way they can show their lives to their loved ones .
What 's more , these days social media plays an important role in spreading information .
Nowadays , people can easily post their rental information on their Facebook accounts and wait for responses from others in different parts of the world , which brings us great convenience .
It is quite significant , especially for young teenagers , since they would rather visit these sites to read the news and learn what is happening in the world than read the newspaper every day .
However , there are also a great number of people who are against this technology .
They are very concerned about the negative effects on teenagers who are still developing .
They pointed out that social media actually reduces the chances for us to talk to people around us face to face .
The more we care about Facebook , the less time we 'll have to spend with our friends .
Nowadays , it is quite common to see at parties people preferring to look at their phones and read all the posts on Facebook if they feel bored .
It makes people worry that if all teenagers continue to use social media frequently , their ability to talk to people will decrease .
They will feel it is difficult for them to find topics to communicate with other people .
Personally , I strongly agree that social media brings more disadvantages than advantages .
Although it is really useful when we need to let other people know we live a good life , it also wastes a lot of our time .
Think another way : if we put the time we spend wandering on those sites to use , we might already have finished one book or done other more meaningful things .
We should keep in mind that there are still ways for us to contact our family or friends .
Everything will be bad if we do n't know how to use things wisely , no matter how good they are .
As a result , it is important for people to be cautious about the time they spend on social media .
As stated above , I strongly believe that if we use social media wisely rather than abusing it , we will all live better lives .
The advantages and disadvantages of social media
Nowadays , as technology becomes increasingly advanced , more and more social media sites are appearing in our daily lives .
You can see people using Facebook or Twitter on their smartphones or iPads on buses or trains .
Some may say that the appearance of these modern media will reduce the chance for people to communicate face-to-face .
This essay will discuss the pros and cons of using social media in modern society .
First of all , social media can make it more convenient for people to make friends and contact each other .
Years ago , when these modern products were not yet popular , the ways for people to communicate or contact those far away were still restricted to making phone calls , sending emails , or writing letters .
Some will take a long time , and some are not efficient enough for people to receive their responses .
However , social media solves these problems effectively .
People can contact their friends online and get a reply very quickly .
The communication is also not limited by word count .
People can express themselves through pictures or emotions .
People can also get to know their friends ' state and mood by looking at their posts online .
Moreover , people can be aware of what is going on in social situations and see the comments online and share their opinions on these websites .
These social media platforms make people 's lives much more colorful and provide a lot of fun .
However , social media may do some harm to people 's lives .
It will make people spend more time chatting online rather than communicating face-to-face , so their interpersonal skills will be badly affected .
Some people spend a lot of time on it and forget their real lives .
Actually , I 've seen some people who are very funny and interesting when I 'm chatting with them online .
However , they 're quite boring when I talk to them in real life .
Teenagers develop their interpersonal and social skills as they grow up .
If they spend too much time on social media , it may cause problems for their mental development .
They might feel uncomfortable when communicating with people face-to-face .
Some may spend less and less time with their family and not know how to express themselves .
Moreover , some incorrect values on websites may affect teenagers and confuse them .
The sentence is already correct . Some may even do something wrong .
In conclusion , the emergence of social media sites is a double-edged sword .
It can make our lives simpler .
People can strengthen their friendships and relationships through these social media platforms .
Whereas , it can also make people forget to communicate with their family and friends in real life and negatively affect their interpersonal skills .
But overall , the advantages far outweigh the disadvantages .
So we need to make the best use of these social media platforms and make them a fun way to add some excitement when life is boring .
Try to overcome the shortcomings .
Remember to frequently send greetings to our friends and family .
Nowadays , with the advancement of technology , it is easy to communicate no matter where you are .
The rise of social media sites truly connects people more closely .
People can see their friends ' recent looks and interesting things happening to them just by checking their Facebook or other social media sites .
We can not deny that social media sites truly prevent old friends from losing touch and give them the chance to communicate with each other , even when they are in different countries .
However , social media sites truly reduce face-to-face communication , which greatly affects interpersonal skills .
There are two advantages and two disadvantages of using social media in people 's daily lives .
First , social media sites can connect people closely with their friends and family .
By typing words and showing pictures , people can express emotions they are too shy to convey .
For example , on Mother 's Day , people are too shy to say " I love you " to their mothers , so they type it on their mother 's Facebook page .
Then their mother will also know the emotion and feel warmth .
On the other hand , when the teenager is studying in a foreign country , the internet is the only way they can communicate with their parents and friends .
Therefore , social media is truly good for people .
Secondly , social media sites can not only connect people closely with their friends .
People can also find a lot of information about celebrities on Twitter and Facebook , such as Obama and Bill Gates , and get firsthand study materials on these platforms .
They can learn how these people succeed and also have the chance to talk with them and learn about the thoughts of these famous individuals by using social media .
On the other hand , with the help of social media , some homeless people or those who need money to cure a disease can get help from the world quickly because once one person knows the information , he or she will share it with their " friends circle , " and many people will learn of it and spread the information to those who can offer help .
On the other hand , there are also issues with social media usage among the population .
Firstly , when people rely on social media to communicate with their friends and parents , they will become accustomed to communicating by typing instead of talking .
People even prefer talking to their friends and meeting them online and gradually reject face-to-face communication .
Therefore , social media truly limits interpersonal skills , such that people lose the chance and the ability to practice talking and connecting with their friends .
Secondly , without true communication in real life , people lose the ability to distinguish between truth and falsehood .
Many people on social media have beautiful images and good content on their pages ; however , in real life , they may not have jobs or may live poorly .
Teenagers may believe these people and be easily cheated , losing money or even their safety .
Therefore , social media is not safe , which is bad for teenagers ' future development .
All in all , the advent of social media truly helps people in many areas .
However , there are some disadvantages that will affect people to some degree .
Advantages and Disadvantages of Using Social Media in Our Daily Lives and Society .
Nowadays , with the development of technology and society , social media has become more popular and even important in our daily life .
We communicate with others using social media , such as Twitter , Facebook , and microblogs , more and more frequently .
There is no need for people to go out of their homes to interact with others ; they chat online , share pictures , and tell others what they have done or funny stories .
It seems that people build good relationships with others through social media , but problems arise .
People do not know how to talk with others face to face , especially strangers .
Then , we need to discuss the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in daily life and society .
As for the advantages , there are two aspects : it is more convenient to contact others and easier to learn about others .
One advantage is that it is more convenient to contact others via social media .
In the old days , if someone wanted to tell important news to another person who lived far away , they had to write letters , which took time .
The long distance and time-consuming nature made spreading messages very difficult at that time .
Therefore , people may not contact their faraway friends and relatives unless there is something important .
However , people can now contact anyone all over the world who can use a computer at any time , and there is no time delay for messages .
The other advantage is that it 's easier to learn about others through social media .
Without social media , it would be difficult for people to learn about a stranger .
They may collect information about that person by asking their friends , colleagues , or family members .
The information collected may not be accurate and complete .
Unlike today , with the help of social media , people can easily get the information they want just by searching online and find out what that person did every day at what time .
As for the disadvantages of social media in our daily lives , wasting time , causing illnesses related to sitting for long periods in front of the computer , the rapid spread of rumors and fake news , and , most importantly , making people lose the ability to talk to others face-to-face confidently .
It is weird that people sit around the table but all face their phones and do not talk to each other .
If there 's a joke on their Facebook page , they might say to others , " Hi , look how ridiculous this is , " and then they laugh together .
No matter whether it 's a party , dinner , or just a simple get-together , there are always some people who bow their heads and play with their phones , even when their family and friends are in front of them .
In conclusion , there are both advantages and disadvantages to using social media in daily life .
People should enjoy the advantages of social media while being aware of its disadvantages and try their best to avoid those disadvantages affecting them and their friends and family .
Today 's world is considered the era of social media sites like Facebook and Twitter , which are attractively connecting people around the globe .
However , some people worry that social networks can affect interpersonal skills as they reduce face-to-face human contact .
The advantages and disadvantages of using such social media in society are elaborated on as follows .
Nobody can deny the advantages of social media , such as the benefits it provides in connecting people regardless of nationality , race , culture , or language .
Social media is a trending channel and a suitable means of communication .
First , social media brings convenience to the world .
Distance and time boundaries have been erased .
No more worrying about the time it takes to deliver letters and packages .
Nowadays , thanks to social media , you can contact your family and friends with just one click , no matter where they are .
You can share photos , videos , and all the meaningful experiences of your life .
More importantly , social media is cheap and easy to use .
Secondly , social media networks open the door to opportunities for people due to their great benefit in connecting .
Many fresh graduates can find jobs thanks to Facebook and Twitter .
Young people can broaden their social circles , meet new friends , and learn wonderful things in many parts of the world .
In the business area , social media is a good tool to develop and advertise products and services .
On the other hand , social media also has disadvantages that have caused concerns in society recently and made it a controversial phenomenon .
More and more young people tend to spend most of their time in the social media world and reduce face-to-face human contact , which can affect interpersonal skills and relationships in social life .
First and foremost , we should realize that the social media world is not trustworthy or real .
Anyone can easily create the personality and characteristics they desire .
The sentence is already correct .
Though social media can create relationships , relationships and friendships are only strong and real if people have shared experiences and communicated through face-to-face interaction .
There is a story of a girl who has lived in the social media world every night for eight years .
In the chat room , she formed a close relationship with eight people .
She talked with them every night , trusted them , and shared her life with them .
Then eventually , she discovered that one person was using eight different identities to chat with her all the time .
Furthermore , the convenience of social media is also its downfall .
Many people use their real information on social media sites , which can lead to crimes and deception .
People can use the information to deceive family , friends , and banks to commit crimes such as blackmail , ATM theft , and so on .
Last but not least , social media affects human interpersonal skills when people spend more time on social sites and reject opportunities to engage in daily social activities and interact with others .
Recent research has shown that the more time people spend on social media sites , the less ambitious they become .
As a result , if the situation keeps going on in this unexpected trend , it will have a bad effect on the young generation .
In a nutshell , everything has its own pros and cons .
So do social media networks .
It is not only convenient and beneficial in connecting people and developing business , but it can also damage people 's relationships and interpersonal skills .
Social media is only beneficial as long as we know how to use it correctly and suitably , combining social media sites with daily life interactions to develop people 's potential to the fullest .
